Toxicofera -LRB- Greek for `` those who bear toxins '' -RRB- , is a hypothetical clade which represents about 4600 species -LRB- nearly 60 % -RRB- of extant squamates -LRB- scaled lizards . -RRB-
The islands of the Caribbean Sea , collectively known as the West Indies , are sorted by size and location into the Bahamas -LRB- or Lucayan archipelago , which includes the Turks and Caicos Islands -RRB- , the Lesser Antilles , and the Greater Antilles .
Some websites do not allow typographic quotation marks or apostrophes in posts -LRB- one such example being YouTube -RRB- .
Ecological yield is the harvestable population growth of an ecosystem .
When he was 16-years-old , Davey 's mother left with him to England in 1931 .
With each legion having 5,120 legionaries usually supported by an equal number of auxiliary troops , the total force available to a legion commander during the Pax Romana probably ranged from 11,000 downwards , with the more prestigious legions and those stationed on hostile borders or in restive provinces tending to have more auxiliaries .
Haylie Katherine Duff -LRB- born February 19 , 1985 -RRB- is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
The abridged edition of this book published in 1960 is reviewed in the Istorijski glasnik and the same review echoed in the Historical abstracts .
The Hanseatic city of Greifswald is enclosed by the district , but does not belong to it .
Aida , Amonasro and the captured Ethiopians plead with the Egyptian King for mercy , but the Egyptians call for their death -LRB- Aida , Amneris , Radames , The King , Amonasro , chorus : Che veggo ! . .
It peaked at number 81 on the Pop 100 chart , and number 74 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart .
For other uses of Gisborne see Gisborne -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
An account of his experiences , which included being one of the first foreigners to visit Hiroshima after the atomic bomb was dropped , can be found in the book Warrior without Weapons .
The client authenticates to the AS once using a long-term shared secret -LRB- e.g. a password -RRB- and receives a TGT from the AS .
It was his performances of this role that would earn him the title of `` King of the High Cs '' .
Ann Jillian was born Ann Jura Nauseda in 1950 , although some sources mistakenly cite 1951 .
For use on the various pages on multiple unit trains .
After high school , Carroll attended junior college at the nearby College of Marin , where he played football for two years -LRB- lettering in his second year -RRB- , before transferring to the University of the Pacific , where he was a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity .
The organization received a boost in prestige when President Andrew Jackson invited his Postmaster General , William T. Barry , to sit as a member of the Cabinet in 1829 .
His main preoccupation was how to free Germany from the burden of reparations payments to Britain and France , imposed by the Treaty of Versailles .
It was hit quite badly by the 2005 Pakistan Earthquake .
In subsequent years , international Test cricket has generally been organised as bilateral series : a multilateral Test tournament was not organised again until the quadrangular Asian Test Championship in 1999 .
In the United States , the sawmill was introduced soon after the colonisation of Virginia by recruiting skilled men from Hamburg .
Xanthan gum is a common ingredient in fake blood recipes , and in gunge or slime .
Many mosques throughout the United States welcome non-Muslims as a sign of openness to the rest of the community as well as to encourage conversions to Islam .
The Sims Bustin ' Out is the second title in The Sims console series .
Throughout the Graeco-Roman world , Isis became one of the most significant of the mystery religions , and many classical writers refer to her temples , cults , and rites .
Violaines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Embassy argued that the charge is a form of taxation , not a charge for a service , and diplomats and their staff are therefore exempt under the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations .
A tropical cyclone struck Puerto Rico on July 23 .
A small number of articles might make Wikipedia 1.0 , but the vast majority will not and for the balance there is no deadline .
Wiley 's Well is a remote , natural artesian well in the Colorado Desert of Southern California as well as the name of the region immediately surrounding it .
When including spoilers , editors should make sure that an encyclopedic purpose is being served .
Written by Lewis between 1949 and 1954 , illustrated by Pauline Baynes and originally published in London between October 1950 and March 1956 , The Chronicles of Narnia has been adapted several times , complete or in part , for radio , television , the stage , and film .
In the 1980s a reconstruction of the historic center began .
This order carried the threat of a maximum $ 10,000 fine and a maximum of ten years in prison for anyone who kept more than $ 100 of gold in preference to banknotes .
It was upgraded to a tropical storm later that day and named Hanna .
Many spaniel breeds were developed during the 19th century , and often named after the counties in which they were developed , or after their owners , who were usually nobility . Two strains of larger land spaniel were predominant and were said to have been of `` true springer type . ''
Since the move to the CW Network , Friday Night SmackDown !
During the last ten days of Ramadan , larger mosques will host all-night programs to observe Laylat al-Qadr , the night Muslims believe that Muhammad first received Qur ` anic revelations .
The region takes its name from the Balkan Mountains , which run through the center of Bulgaria into eastern Serbia .
The following table shows some 2 dimensional projections of these polytopes .
For example , you create a -LRB- template -RRB- page in Wikipedia with your home mailing address and then include that template not only on your page , but all your friends ' pages , too .
Later that night , Nick , considered the second strongest member after Terry , was voted out along former tribal lines , 6-4 .
The giant impact hypothesis thus explains the Moon 's abnormal composition .
When South Africa became a republic in 1961 , Pretoria remained its administrative capital .
It 's analogous to bird droppings : it might be beneficial to notice some short-term patterns , such as when cars parked under some trees get bombarded with bird droppings , but it is less useful to record all the millions of bird droppings , everywhere in the world , in a giant database of history listings .
Aside from Tahiti , some other important atolls , islands , and island groups in French Polynesia are : Ahe , Bora Bora , Hiva Oa , Huahine , Maiao , Maupiti , Mehetia , Moorea , Nuku Hiva , Raiatea , Tahaa , Tetiaroa , Tubuai , and Tupai .
Ailly-sur-Noye is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
The season finale including the announcement of the winner and a live reunion of all the season 's contestants at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City , on David Letterman 's Late Show stage which was decorated to look like the set in the Amazon .
Barthold Fles , a diabetic for several decades , died on December 19 , 1989 , aged 87 .
Zhob district is subdivided into three subdistricts : Zhob , Kakkar and Sherani .
Torts may be categorised in a number of ways : one such way is to divide them into Negligence Torts , and Intentional Torts .
Following his first movie , L'ultimo Combattimento , -LRB- 1940 -RRB- he produced nearly 150 films during the next seven decades .
If the animal can not be captured , prophylactic rabies treatment is recommended in most places .
Peach Orchard is a town in Clay County , Arkansas , United States .
It shows a model of embryological development where fish -LRB- F -RRB- , reptiles -LRB- R -RRB- , and birds -LRB- B -RRB- represent branches from a path leading to mammals -LRB- M -RRB- .
He believes Afghanistan under the rule of Mullah Omar 's Taliban was `` the only Islamic country '' in the Muslim world .
Masaru Matsuhashi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ventforet Kofu .
Rotberg used the global bond market to increase the capital available to the bank .
A leisurely stroll around the town will reveal many fine buildings .
Although he 's best remembered today as the star in the first -LRB- full length -RRB- talking movie , The Jazz Singer in 1927 , he later starred in a series of successful musical films throughout the 1930s .
The first rubber ice cube tray was invented by Lloyd Groff Copeman .
Over the course of the following decade their landscape painting excursions together , in Louveciennes and Pontoise , led to a collaborative working relationship between equals .
However , while Mrs. Rabbit is shopping and the girls are collecting blackberries , Peter sneaks into the garden .
Piper also stars as Hannah Baxter\/Belle de Jour in Secret Diary of a Call Girl , an ITV2 adaptation of Belle de Jour 's The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl , a memoir detailing the life of a high-class prostitute .
The University of Virginia -LRB- also The University , Mr. Jefferson 's University , or Virginia ; often abbreviated as U. Va. or UVA -RRB- is a public research university located in Charlottesville , Virginia , United States , founded by Thomas Jefferson .
The following brands are used :
The Athanasian Creed has been used by Christian churches since the sixth century .
On March 31 , 2006 , the amateur radio operators from AMSAT in Germany tracked and received radio waves from Voyager 1 using the 20 m dish at Bochum with a long integration technique .
One of the best ways to go about this is to request this on the article 's talk page .
In 1986 , FIFA published a report that ranked all teams in each World Cup up to and including 1986 , based on progress in the competition , overall results and quality of the opposition . The rankings for the 1986 tournament were as follows :
In 2004 it was reported that Lahore alone has 10,000 active transvestites .
`` I Decided '' is a song by American singer Solange Knowles , written and composed by Knowles and producer Pharrell Williams for her second studio album Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .
Mudrick portrayed Austen as isolated , defensive , and critical of her society , and described in detail the relationship he saw between Austen 's attitude toward contemporary literature and her use of irony as a technique to contrast the realities of her society with what she felt they should be .
Extremely rare sightings of whooping cranes have been recorded , however only three examples of this species are known to live in the Rocky Mountains , out of 385 known worldwide .
Anne Marie was displaced as his heir by the birth of the Old Pretender 's son , Charles Edward Stuart -LRB- `` Bonnie Prince Charlie '' -RRB- , on 31 December 1720 .
At the same time , the Central Bank of China -LRB- now known as the Central Bank of the Republic of China -RRB- began issuing New Taiwan dollar banknotes directly and the old notes issued by the Bank of Taiwan were taken out of circulation .
Olivine in general is a very abundant mineral , but gem quality peridot is rather rare .
According to the 2002 Romanian census there are a total of 35,791 Lipovans in Romania , of whom 21,623 living in Dobruja .
Shillong -LRB- Khasi : Shillong -RRB- is the capital of Meghalaya , one of the smallest states in India and home to the Khasis .
It is used by many mathematics journals , which ask authors of research papers and expository articles to list subject codes from the Mathematics Subject Classification in their papers .
Nixon appeared at one of Graham 's revivals in East Tennessee in 1970 ; the event drew one of the largest crowds to ever gather in Tennessee .
At the end of the 1990s , the then stadium owners Barnsley Football Club were considering re-developing the West Stand after several seasons of high attendances , however with the rapid decline in fortunes of the football club , subsequent sale of the stadium and new club ownership these plans are unlikely to come to fruition in the near future .
All belong to the large order Perciformes , or perch-like fishes , and in fact the word bass comes from Middle English bars , meaning `` perch . ''
Read-write snapshots are branching snapshots because they implicitly allow diverging versions of an LV .
Organisers called it the biggest anti-nuclear demonstration the country has seen .
Historically , the practice of green manuring can be traced back to the fallow cycle of crop rotation , which was used to allow soils to recover .
It took place on January 31 , 2010 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta , Georgia and featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown and ECW brands .
Up jumped the swagman and sprang into the billabong , `` You 'll never catch me alive '' , said he , And his ghost may be heard as you pass by that billabong , `` You 'll come a-Waltzing Matilda , with me '' .
This enormous diversity of antibodies allows the immune system to recognize an equally wide variety of antigens .
Kevin Forrest Cash -LRB- born December 6 , 1977 in Tampa , Florida -RRB- is a Major League Baseball catcher who is in the Texas Rangers organization .
This system replaces each diacritic with an x after the letter , producing the six digraphs cx , gx , hx , jx , sx , and ux .
It is the county seat of Marshall County .
... The book must be ` one of the most skilful pastiches in the history of literature .
Adams headed back to Europe and played in East Berlin and later West Berlin .
The independence of Pakistan in 1947 led to the divisions of the Punjab province into two new provinces .
Bluetooth exists in many products , such as the iPod Touch , Lego Mindstorms NXT , PlayStation 3 , PSP Go , telephones , the Nintendo Wii , and some high definition headsets , modems , and watches .
It is intended to be paired with and uses the same arguments .
The song peaked at number six on the Billboard alternative rock chart , making it the band 's second top 10 single -LRB- the first being previous single `` Prayer of the Refugee '' -RRB- and highest charting single from the album .
Ferydoon Zandi -LRB- , born in Emden , Germany , on April 26 , 1979 -RRB- is a German-Iranian football midfielder .
IBM introduced a series of more affordable computers , the IBM 650 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , IBM 1620 -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , IBM 1130 -LRB- 1965 -RRB- addressed to the science and engineering market .
The Australian dollar -LRB- sign : $ ; code : AUD -RRB- is the currency of the Commonwealth of Australia , including Christmas Island , Cocos -LRB- Keeling -RRB- Islands , and Norfolk Island , as well as the independent Pacific Island states of Kiribati , Nauru and Tuvalu .
The district of Entremont is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Bin Laden is antisemitic , and has delivered warnings against alleged Jewish conspiracies : `` These Jews are masters of usury and leaders in treachery .
Marilyn passed over the islands of Vieques and Culebra , where it caused much damage .
By consulting the colophons in the Left Ginza , Jorunn J. Buckley has identified an uninterrupted chain of copyists to the late 2nd or early 3rd c. AD .
Manchester has formal twinning arrangements -LRB- or `` friendship agreements '' -RRB- with several places .
Kiviuq -LRB- also spelled Keeveeok , Qiviuq or Kivioq -RRB- is a legendary and heroic Inuk , a sort of Inuit Odysseus .
It traveled west , and landfall occurred near Bluefields , Nicaragua on July 28 , with Cesar at Category 1 strength .
The male then guards the eggs until they hatch .
He had also been nominated for Album of the Year for Justified , Record of the Year for `` Cry Me a River '' , and Best Rap\/Sung Collaboration for `` Where Is the Love ? ''
Waichiro Omura -LRB- born January 1 , 1933 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Tamil Jains number only a few thousand now .
Her trial and conviction were a major focus of attention for the Australian media .
Lexington was founded in June 1775 in what was then Virginia -LRB- 17 years before Kentucky became a state in 1792 -RRB- .
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- and the only team in their division not to be based in California .
In addition to the federal observance , some states officially commemorate Leif Erikson Day , particularly in the Upper Midwest , where large numbers of people from the Nordic countries settled .
Christian metal bands exist in all the subgenres of heavy metal music , and the only common link between most Christian metal bands are the lyrics .
More than 95 percent of the land area lies in Monroe County , but a small portion extends northeast into Miami-Dade County , primarily in the city of Islandia , Florida .
-LRB- The production executive at Film studio Mosfilm , where Meadow was being made , was also replaced , but without further executions . -RRB-
Scottsburg Fire Department has the youngest fire chief in the State of Indiana .
The name is thought to be derived from Greta River in Cumberland , England .
q Sauber subsequently became BMW works team BMW Sauber , then reverted back to Sauber .
He had numerous strong results in the knockout tournaments for the FIDE World Chess Championships 1998-2004 , with his best result being a semi-finalist in 1997 .
In the viviparous animals -LRB- which include humans and all other placental mammals -RRB- , the ovum is fertilized inside the female body , and the embryo then develops inside the uterus , receiving nutrition directly from the mother .
A second tour followed with the band Vidoll , and the bands were featured together on the November issue of Cure , a magazine focusing on Visual Kei bands .
The heat released by the deflagration causes the combustion gases and excess air to try to expand thermally as well .
Flannelette typically refers to a napped cotton the texture of flannel .
In acid conditions , iodic acid is formed .
The strongest evidence comes from Kalambo Falls in Zambia where several artifacts related to the use of fire by humans had been recovered including charred logs , charcoal , reddened areas , carbonized grass stems and plants , and wooden implements which may have been hardened by fire .
The network was also a launching point for the music videos of pop musician\/children 's performers such as Laurie Berkner , Lisa Loeb , and Dan Zanes , initially as filler between 23-minute-long shows run commercial-free , and -LRB- because of their success in that format -RRB- now as music video shows like Move to the Music .
Instead he stares at the ceiling and walls with a blank stare -LRB- although this is not uncommon with top players who calculate without looking at the board -RRB- .
Founded in 1918 , it initially specialised in industrial electric motors and transformers .
Also of note are Hurricane Ekeka and Tropical Storm Hali , which formed in late January and late March , respectively .
Wacquinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Callaway is located at .
The first prototypes were built in 2006 and tested out of service from 2008 , the main fleet introduced into revenue service from 2009 to 2012 .
Superman is a fictional character , a comic book superhero appearing in publications by DC Comics , widely considered to be an American cultural icon .
The game is set in the fictional location of Spiral Mountain where a bear named Banjo and a bird named Kazooie live .
More vocals , timpani and drums were overdubbed on 31 July .
Joy Division 's posthumously released second album , Closer -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , and the single `` Love Will Tear Us Apart '' became the band 's highest charting releases .
The story was widely reprinted and closely linked the Liberty Bell to the Declaration of Independence in the public mind .
Fays-la-Chapelle is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
They often have a contrapuntal texture .
Class D3\/6 were diesel shunters built in 1935 by English Electric for the London , Midland and Scottish Railway .
brand featured Eddie Guerrero versus Kurt Angle for the WWE Championship which Guerrero won after a Small package .
Template : S-rail-start is a variant of the generic template used to begin thousands of succession boxes .
He often painted on paper that was glued to a wooden panel .
Tilly-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Queen Latifah 's work in music , film and television has earned her a Golden Globe award , two Screen Actors Guild Awards , two Image Awards , a Grammy Award , six additional Grammy nominations , an Emmy Award nomination and an Academy Award nomination .
After Gothic Plague came Fixed Penalty , and after that , Rocket Baby Dolls .
Belle Haven is a town in Accomack and Northampton counties in the U.S. state of Virginia .
Two numbers of the same order of magnitude have roughly the same scale : the larger value is less than ten times the smaller value .
Bairiki is a village and an islet now part of South Tarawa , and at one time itself the center of government -LRB- and therefore , capital -RRB- of Kiribati .
The remaining two teams in the Eastern conference and Western Conference after the second round play off .
The group was then charged with establishing official lyrics for each song ; for `` God Save the Queen '' , the English words were those inherited from the United Kingdom and the French words were taken from those that had been adopted in 1952 for the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II . When the bill pronouncing `` O Canada '' as the national anthem was put through parliament , the joint committee 's earlier recommendations regarding `` God Save the Queen '' were not included .
However , some performances connected to the festival take place before and after the official dates .
Bear , Gregory Benford , and David Brin wrote a trilogy of prequel novels to Isaac Asimov 's famous Foundation trilogy with Bear credited for the middle book in the trilogy .
Robert Chambers in his anonymous Vestiges also clearly made the point .
The actual construction of the monument began in 1848 but was not completed until 1884 , almost 30 years after the architect 's death .
Ottakring is the 16th District in the city of Vienna , Austria .
We live with the consequences today . ''
The comedy drama , centred on British underclass and working class culture , has been accorded critical acclaim by various sections of the British media , including The Sun newspaper and Newsnight Review on BBC Two .
The channel is the successor to the similar BBC Choice and was launched on 9 February 2003 , eleven months after the originally planned launch date -LRB- and the launch of BBC Four -RRB- .
The title is not correctly used on its own .
This classification is used to define the Global 200 list of ecoregions identified by the WWF as priorities for conservation .
The people of Nagar and Hunza were ruled by a local Mir for more than 1200 years , until both states were dissolved in 1974 .
From September 2006 , the first train underwent testing at Bombardier 's manufacturing and test site at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby .
Rudolph Joseph Migay -LRB- born November 18 , 1928 in Port Arthur , Ontario -RRB- is a retired a Canadian ice hockey forward .
The New Wave of British Heavy Metal -LRB- frequently abbreviated as NWOBHM and pronounced -RRB- was a heavy metal movement that started in the late 1970s , in Britain , and achieved international attention by the early 1980s .
She briefly attended Edgewood College in Madison , Wisconsin , and Spring Hill College in Mobile , but transferred to Xavier University of Louisiana in New Orleans , where she became an active member of the Gamma Alpha Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority , Inc. and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in 1969 .
Thomas of Whitney was the master mason .
Adobe soon started distributing its Acrobat Reader -LRB- now Adobe Reader -RRB- program at no cost , and continued supporting the original PDF , which eventually became the de facto standard for printable documents on the web -LRB- a standard web document -RRB- .
Most often aluminium adjuvants are used , but adjuvants like squalene are also used in some vaccines and more vaccines with squalene and phosphate adjuvants are being tested .
After control is established and the environment is set for the virus to begin making copies of itself , replication occurs quickly .
He had been a surgeon-superintendent of ships taking convicts to New South Wales and Van Diemen 's Land -LRB- now known as Tasmania -RRB- .
Among such historical treasures , Seokguram grotto , Bulguksa temple , Gyeongju Historic Areas and Yangdong Folk Village are designated as World Heritage Sites by UNESCO .
Burj Khalifa is highly compartmentalised . Pressurized , air-conditioned refuge floors are located approximately every 35 floors where people can shelter on their long walk down to safety in case of an emergency or fire .
Major features were planned for Blackcomb , including an emphasis on searching and querying data and an advanced storage system named WinFS to enable such scenarios .
It even dropped snow over some areas of Eastern Quebec and Labrador .
In many countries where brothels are officially illegal , the laws are ignored ; often brothels in such countries are not only tolerated , but also regulated by authorities .
Coleridge-Taylor 's work was later championed by Malcolm Sargent , who between 1928 and 1939 conducted ten seasons of a costumed ballet version of The Song of Hiawatha at the Royal Albert Hall with the Royal Choral Society -LRB- 600 to 800 singers -RRB- and 200 dancers .
Immediately under the President are the offices of four Vice-Presidents - Executive Vice President , Vice President for Academic Affairs , Vice President for Administration , and Vice President for Finance and Planning .
It was named in October 2002 after the Greek mythological figure Kalyke or Calyce .
Freud argued that children then passed through a stage in which they fixated on the mother as a sexual object -LRB- known as the Oedipus Complex -RRB- but that the child eventually overcame and repressed this desire because of its taboo nature .
Also located within Snake River Plain is the Idaho National Laboratory .
The film stars Shahrukh Khan , Manisha Koirala , and Preity Zinta .
Alexander Gray -LRB- June 21 , 1899 - April 10 , 1986 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey right winger for the New York Rangers and the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1927 to 1933 .
The period between the World Wars saw the election of reformist mayor Fiorello La Guardia and the fall of Tammany Hall after 80 years of political dominance .
The party also played role in establishment of Democratic Republic of Armenia , as party members took part in the Battle of Sardarapat , during the World War I at Caucasus Campaign , which defended the Armenian capital Yerevan from the Army of Islam of the Ottoman Empire .
His popularity in France went down during the 1870s after the Second Empire , and he fled France , but during the last years of his life , his popularity rebounded , and several of his operettas are still performed .
The area was rich in fauna including kangaroo , kangaroo rats , bandicoots , dingos , and two species of native cat .
The IB governance is composed of an IB Board of Governors .
However , many growers , traders , and consumers reject such lab test numbers .
The landowners sued the park owners in 2004 , claiming that the park had an improper insurance policy and that fireworks were prohibited in the lease .
The party membership was largely absorbed by the Republican Party in 1854 .
This modern faction is dominantly voiced through the anarcho-punk and crust punk subcultures , in attempt to combat what is seen by those groups as a general devaluation of , and profitization from , life .
NOAA warns of dangerous weather , charts seas and skies , guides the use and protection of ocean and coastal resources , and conducts research to improve understanding and stewardship of the environment .
Troy Island Mell , of IGN , felt that the story `` would -LRB- not -RRB- be anywhere near as good as it is without its ability to create such strong characters '' .
Heidfeld was then tipped for a seat at Sauber alongside Kamui Kobayashi but they decided to go with Pedro de la Rosa .
Yellowstone Lake is one of the largest high-altitude lakes in North America and is centered over the Yellowstone Caldera , the largest supervolcano on the continent .
Officially , the games lasted for four and a half months ; in fact , James Edward Sullivan tried to hold an event every day for the duration of the fair .
The complex at Den Oever includes the Stevin lock and three series of five sluices for discharging the IJsselmeer into the Wadden Sea ; the other complex at Kornwerderzand is composed of the Lorentz locks and two series of five sluices , making a total of 25 discharge sluices .
Missy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Rucker and his publisher marketed the book , tongue in cheek , as non-fiction .
After playing a few years in the minors , Bragnalo moved onto playing hockey in Italy with the team of the Val Pusteria Wolves , former EV Bruneck .
A drill press -LRB- also known as pedestal drill , pillar drill , or bench drill -RRB- is a fixed style of drill that may be mounted on a stand or bolted to the floor or workbench .
Dagtse Dzong overlooks the roads to Yerpa and Ganden Monastery on th east .
Jade Almarie Louise Ewen -LRB- born 24 January 1988 -RRB- is an English singer , songwriter , actress and member of the Sugababes .
Parishes can also be abolished where there is evidence that this in response to `` justified , clear and sustained local support '' from the area 's inhabitants .
In late medieval times Steinfurt became an independent earldom .
Stagecoach Group plc is an international transport group operating buses , trains , trams , express coaches and ferries .
Before the fire it had grown to be the largest palace in Europe , with over 1,500 rooms , overtaking the Vatican and Versailles .
Furbish is the language which is spoken by the Furbies .
Groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade , and in high school took an independent study in English .
warn-summary : Message re .
Despite this , the city was rebuilt after the war and was to some extent , restored to its pre-war appearance including the reconstruction of some of its medieval buildings .
Paolo Cannavaro -LRB- born 26 June 1981 -RRB- is an Italian football defender who currently plays for Serie A club Napoli .
He was the only Catholic and the longest-lived -LRB- and last surviving -RRB- signatory of the Declaration of Independence , dying at the age of 95 .
In early 1938 , Grace sent her to live with yet another one of her aunts , Ana Lower , who lived in the Van Nuys section of Los Angeles .
Mercedes-Benz debuted in Formula One in , and competed with great success in the 1954 and seasons .
On 11 November 2010 , it was announced that Marussia had taken a controlling stake in the team that would be called Marussia Virgin Racing from onwards .
There is little evidence that vanadium or vanadium compounds are reproductive toxins or teratogens .
He is sometimes regarded as the first person in recorded history to create a multiethnic , centrally ruled empire , although the Sumerians Lugal-anne-mundu and Lugal-zage-si also have a claim .
The England women 's national football team represents England in international women 's football .
This is likely one of the strongest hurricanes to hit Georgia in its history .
They joined the National League in 1892 and have been known as the Cardinals since 1900 .
Second , all brown algae are multicellular .
Dave was left with nothing , forcing him to take up the drums .
Opt-out stations were established in Inverness -LRB- BBC Radio Highland -RRB- on 25 March 1976 , followed by Radio Aberdeen in April 1976 , BBC Radio Orkney and BBC Radio Shetland in May 1977 , Selkirk -LRB- BBC Radio Tweed -RRB- on 11 April 1983 and Dumfries -LRB- BBC Radio Solway -RRB- on 16 April 1983 . Only the Orkney and Shetland stations still exist ; the others had all closed by the early 1990s and are now served by Radio Scotland with four opt-out news bulletins a day .
The pupa hibernates in a cocoon .
La Croupte is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Early estimates had given an optimistic completion date of July 2003 , which contributed to the sculpture gaining the nickname G of the Bang .
It was the site of a monastery -LRB- circa 632 -RRB- and has a High Cross .
The peripheral nervous system is functionally as well as structurally divided into the somatic nervous system and autonomic nervous system .
Furthermore , the Assembly elects a five-member Assembly Council that constitutes an especially active core of the Assembly .
Panama City Beach is a city in Bay County , Florida , United States , on the Gulf of Mexico coast . The city is often referred to under the umbrella term of `` Panama City '' , despite being a distinct municipality from the older and larger inland Panama City to the east , making Panama City and Panama City Beach two separate cities .
Vendin-le-Vieil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Colors could also be tan -LRB- # DDAA22 -RRB- .
On September 30 , 1994 , the line , which was making a loss of seven pounds for each passenger journey and was in need of some expensive maintenance work , was finally closed to the public , the Central Line terminating at Epping Station .
There has been debate whether Google search results can remain neutral because of possible conflict of interest .
The parameter makes it possible to show within the box lines available at a different station with which there 's a direct transfer from the current station .
A microkernel is a logical step up from a real-time OS .
Its county seat is New Cordell .
The first phase of the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center consisted of 213 MW and was completed in late 2005 ; phase two consisted of 223.5 MW and was completed in the second quarter of 2006 ; phase three which consisted of 299 MW , was completed by the end of 2006 .
Following the coming of age of the heirs to the Lordship of the Isle of Man , the rights over the island were sold to their uncle , William Stanley .
Robert Mulligan -LRB- August 23 , 1925 -- December 20 , 2008 -RRB- was an American film and television director .
A small increase in the average number of viewers was observed for the season compared to the prior season , Survivor : Africa .
A very small portion of the historic Oakwood Cemetery , added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 , and burial place of Samuel Wilson , a possible namesake of Uncle Sam , resides within the northwestern part of the town .
Wider rain bands can occur behind cold fronts , which tend to have more stratiform , and less convective , precipitation .
He has also appeared on the BBC World News , Bloomberg Live !
Aaron Ehasz , a frequent writer for the series , wrote part two .
Back to the Future is a 1985 American science-fiction comedy film .
Inside and outside the ring , ladders can now be rested onto the ring ropes and be broken into pieces .
Despite Coldplay 's worldwide popularity , the band has remained protective of how their music is used in the media , refusing its use for product endorsements .
Some have questioned the truth , accuracy , and tone of the book .
On 17 October 1821 , Sierra Leone territory becomes part of British West African Territories .
The gymnasium , comprising training areas for gymnastics , table-tennis and judo , occupies the second floor , while lock-ups for the Uniformed Groups and the Guitar Ensemble are located on third level .
All are played on a pocketless table with three balls ; two cue balls and one object ball .
The double bass is generally tuned in fourths , in contrast to members of the orchestral string family , which are tuned in fifths .
Croydon Palace was the summer residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury for over 500 years and included regular visitors such as Henry III and Queen Elizabeth I. It is thought to have been built around 960 .
-LRB- Images over 52 pixels width will cause padding problems . -RRB-
Because of this relationship , the action of the parasympathetic nervous system is often described as `` rest and digest '' .
In 1991 , Moscow was the scene of the failed coup attempt by the government members opposed to the reforms of Mikhail Gorbachev .
Sprinkled among the episodes -LRB- taking the place of reward challenges -RRB- is TDA Aftermath , a show-within-a-show hosted by Geoff and Bridgette , commissioned shortly after their eliminations .
Taoism does not fall strictly under an umbrella or a definition of an organized religion like the Abrahamic traditions , nor can it purely be studied as the originator or a variant of Chinese folk religion , as much of the traditional religion is outside of the tenets and core teachings of Taoism . Robinet asserts that Taoism is better understood as a way of life than as a religion , and that its adherents do not approach or view Taoism the way non-Taoist historians have done .
Only main , help and template pages will show this message ; these pages will be placed into : Category : Articles with broken citations .
Cirie Fields was selected from this season to compete in Survivor : Micronesia as part of the Favorites tribe and placed third .
Power over Ethernet or PoE technology describes a system to pass electrical power safely , along with data , on Ethernet cabling .
It is based on the short story `` Harrison Bergeron '' by author Kurt Vonnegut and stars James Cosmo , Julie Hagerty , and Armie Hammer with narration by Academy Award nominee Patricia Clarkson and an original score by Lee Brooks performed by the Kronos Quartet and Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra .
In the show , Aang has a complex network of friends extending over all four nations .
UEFA refer to the stadium as Arsenal Stadium , which was the official name of the stadium at Highbury .
Lorentz ' name is now associated with the Lorentz-Lorenz formula , the Lorentz force , the Lorentzian distribution , and the Lorentz transformation .
It was once part of the north\/south Torrance to San Pedro spur line of the Pacific Electric Railway , that agency 's first interurban line to San Pedro .
Of the 97 recent H3N2 isolates examined , only 41 isolates had strong serologic cross-reactions with antiserum to three commercial SIV vaccines .
Rancate was a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
John Jaeger , in an article published by the Association of College and Research Libraries , said of the Jewish Virtual Library : `` This library , once it is entered , is more like a living encyclopedia than it is anything else .
One of the most successful clubs in English football , they have won 13 First Division and Premier League titles and 10 FA Cups .
This section shows the formatting of different combinations of codes .
Hundreds of convicts were at large in the bush , farms were abandoned and martial law was proclaimed .
Stud females are generally used to breed further stud animals , but stud males may be used in crossbreeding programs .
In 2008 , end of season renovation , coupled with an early start to the football season , meant the pitch was not ready in time for the first home fixture .
To be certain , the House of Nephthys was one of fifty individual , land-owning temples delineated for this portion of the Middle Egyptian district in Papyrus Wilbour .
Arm wrestling puts enormous torque\/twist on the upper arm 's humerus bone to a degree seen in few other physical activities .
Austin Lightning was an American soccer team , founded in 2002 , originally with the name Lafayette Lightning .
Medina currently has a population of more than 1,300,000 people -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .
The WWF gained momentum when Angle made Booker T submit with an ankle lock , taking the WCW Championship away from the Alliance .
Orogens develop while a continental plate is crumpled and thickened to form mountain ranges , and involve a great range of geological processes collectively called orogenesis .
In 2005 , on an episode of The Early Show , Vernon was ranked as one of the top six most desirable communities to retire to in North America by Consumer Reports .
Three-cushion billiards retains great popularity in parts of Europe , Asia , and Latin America , and is the most popular carom billiards game played in the US today , where pool is far more widespread .
The chief priests inform Pilate of a new charge , demanding Jesus be sentenced to death `` because he claimed to be God 's son . ''
The journal publishes editorials , original articles , case reports , and letters .
Neither ever supported famine-related criticisms of the Great Leap .
Influenza B virus is almost exclusively a human pathogen , and is less common than influenza A. The only other animal known to be susceptible to influenza B infection is the seal .
The rise in land prices has led to development of new condominiums .
In addition to Tropical Storms Ana and Bill tracking through the Atlantic Ocean on August 16 , a new tropical depression formed over the eastern Gulf of Mexico . This depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Claudette as it neared the Florida Panhandle .
He is a budding singer and pianist .
The original Lingua Franca was a mixed language composed mostly -LRB- 80 % -RRB- of Italian with a broad vocabulary drawn from Turkish , French , Spanish , Greek and Arabic . It was in use throughout the eastern Mediterranean as the language of commerce and diplomacy in and around the Renaissance era .
Breakaway received two awards at the 2006 Grammy Awards including `` Best Pop Vocal Album '' and `` Best Female Pop Vocal Performance '' for the single `` Since U Been Gone '' .
In January 2007 , EMI stopped publishing audio CDs with DRM , stating that `` the costs of DRM do not measure up to the results . '' Following EMI , Sony BMG was the last publisher to abolish DRM completely , and audio CDs containing DRM are no longer released by the four record labels .
Sometime during the night , Johns broke out of his cell , and stole the horse once more , taking also the local magistrate 's brand new saddle and bridle .
`` Firework '' was written by Perry , Mikkel S. Eriksen , Tor Erik Hermansen , Sandy Wilhelm , and Ester Dean while produced by Stargate and Sandy Vee at Soapbox Studios in Atlanta , Georgia .
Gastriocerataceae is one of seventeen superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder .
This list can contain any type of album , including studio , greatest hits , compilation , various artists , soundtrack and remix .
Roman Weidenfeller -LRB- born 6 August 1980 in Diez , Germany -RRB- is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Borussia Dortmund in the German Bundesliga .
In 1813 , following Napoleon 's defeat in Russia , Frederick William turned against France and signed an alliance with Russia at Kalisz , although he had to flee Berlin , still under French occupation .
The founders of this organization intended it to be a governing body to disability sports what the IOC was to the Olympic Games .
During the industrialisation textile industry prospered .
Often known as Bill 101 , it defined French as the only official language of Quebec in areas of provincial jurisdiction .
Mika Pohjola was born in Helsinki , Finland , and grew up in the neighboring city of Vantaa .
An extended hookup sometimes refers to prolonged instances of casual sex interactions .
Coutures is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Horst Eckel -LRB- born 8 February 1932 -RRB- is a former German football player .
In New York , a town typically contains a number of such hamlets and villages .
That same year Stallone , along with an all-star cast of celebrities , appeared in the Trey Parker and Matt Stone short comedy film Your Studio and You commissioned by the Seagram Company for a party celebrating their acquisition of Universal Studios and the MCA Corporation .
Next day Hercules and young man are walking through a cave with dead bodies strewn all over .
He is said to have wept for joy on Louis ' behalf on being personally shown Zinj , which Louis and Mary carried around in a tin -LRB- later a box -RRB- .
The World Hockey Association -LRB- French : Association mondiale de hockey -RRB- was a professional ice hockey league that operated in North America from 1972 to 1979 .
The results of the meeting were inconclusive , and Waldo 's ideas , but not the movement itself , were condemned at the Third Lateran Council in the same year , though the leaders of the movement had not been yet excommunicated .
More common is notation in E-flat minor , which is a relatively manageable key for many brass instruments and woodwinds .
Following his championship win , Swagger began to develop a more serious persona : previously he had been known for doing pushups and beating his chest during his ring entrance .
Begging the question does not require any such reversal . Begging the question is similar to the fallacy of many questions : a fallacy of technique that results from presenting evidence in support of a conclusion that is less likely to be accepted , rather than merely asserting the conclusion .
In May 2007 , Prada joined forces with mobile phone maker LG Electronics to produce the LG Prada KE850 phone .
Residents of Blanchard and nearby Dibble , Oklahoma are served by the weekly newspaper The Blanchard News . The radio station KKNG-FM -LRB- `` King Country 97.3 KKNG '' -RRB- identifies Blanchard as its home , however , only the transmitter is located in Blanchard , while the operating offices are in Oklahoma City .
It is also the official language of Assam .
The tournament final of the tournament was predicted by some to be a close affair , with the British team heralded as slight favorites after finishing at the top of the league table .
Although this revolution drove mats off soft floors of shallow seas , they still flourish in many environments where burrowing is limited or impossible , including rocky seabeds and shores , hyper-saline and brackish lagoons , and are found on the floors of the deep oceans .
Interneurons connect neurons to other neurons within the same region of the brain or spinal cord .
Los Navegantes -LRB- ; literally translated to English as The Navigators Neighborhood , or Village -RRB- is a residential neighborhood , located in southeastern Pichilemu , Chile , near the Municipal Stadium , and La Cruz Hill .
Nico Erik Rosberg -LRB- born 27 June 1985 in Wiesbaden , West Germany -RRB- is a racing driver for the Mercedes GP Formula One team .
Previously Staten Island and Brooklyn were connected and the Hudson River emptied into the ocean through the present course of the Raritan River , by taking a more westerly course through parts of present day northern New Jersey , along the eastern side of the Watchung Mountains to Bound Brook , New Jersey and then on into the Atlantic Ocean via Raritan Bay .
There are multiple possible functions that could have been served by the claws of Therizinosaurus , such as defense against predators -LRB- e.g. the contemporary Tarbosaurus -RRB- and in intraspecific fighting , such as fighting for territory or for mating , or to pull leafy tree branches towards its mouth .
Lotus plans to enter the electric vehicle race , CEO Michael Kimberley told the Financial Times .
The release was accompanied by a magnitude 2.5 earthquake .
The tour continued through the Western United States .
Bureaucrats can use Special : RenameUser to rename users -LRB- including themselves -RRB- .
Reactions to the disclosure were diverse , encompassing commentary and articles in the electronic , print , and broadcast media ; the Wikipedia community researched Essjay 's article edits to check for errors and debated proposals to improve the project 's handling of personal identification .
The party 's federal parliamentary leader since 3 December 2007 , following the coalition 's defeat at the 2007 federal election , is Warren Truss .
He is less known for his deep interest in the spiritual and his boundless enthusiasm for art as a direct and honest route to God .
The cell membrane surrounds the protoplasm of a cell and , in animal cells , physically separates the intracellular components from the extracellular environment .
The name Anita was later retired .
So at least it 's something I experienced , but that 's not where I live . ''
Diego Alberto Milito -LRB- born 12 June 1979 -RRB- is an Argentine footballer who currently plays as a striker for Serie A club Internazionale .
DOE also sponsors more basic and applied scientific research than any other US federal agency ; most of this is funded through its system of United States Department of Energy National Laboratories .
Michael Rensing -LRB- born 14 May 1984 in Lingen , Lower Saxony -RRB- is a German footballer who currently plays for 1 .
However , though analysis had expected that United States sales of Guitar Hero 5 and The Beatles : Rock Band to be high , close to or exceeding one million units each in the first month of their release , the resulting sales numbers were lower by nearly half of the projections .
Historical statistical analysis indicates Robinson was an outstanding fielder throughout his ten years in the major leagues and at virtually every position he played .
The idea of removing a stock install of Internet Explorer from a Windows system was proposed during the United States v. Microsoft case .
When James VII created the modern Order in 1687 , he directed that the Abbey Church at the Palace of Holyroodhouse be converted to a Chapel for the Order of the Thistle , perhaps copying the idea from the Order of the Garter -LRB- whose chapel is located in Windsor Castle -RRB- .
This emperor 's posthumous name literally means `` divine might '' or `` god-warrior '' .
Hansell is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
His debut number one hit single `` Replay '' was released in 2009 reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 number one in the UK , Australia and top ten in many other countries .
These arachnids are known for their exceptionally long walking legs , compared to body size , although there are also short-legged species .
Friedrich Kurt Fiedler -LRB- 8 March 1894 -- 11 November 1950 -RRB- was a German graphic designer and a representative of the Social Democratic Party .
In 2011 , there are nine senators holding ministerial positions and the head of state , the First mayor .
Finally , ages can also be determined from the U-Pb system by analysis of Pb isotope ratios alone .
Railway lines and highways connect the city with Cairo , Port Said and Ismailia .
The gharial is not a man-eater and is sensitive towards humans .
The first Guildhall School was housed in an old warehouse in Aldermanbury , but these premises soon proved too small .
In 2002 , the city had five constituencies : Gaborone North , Gaborone Central , Gaborone South , Gaborone West North , and Gabororone West South .
In the United Kingdom and Australia the terms used are corporate box , executive box , sky box and private box .
The Arctic willow is the only woody species to grow on Ellesmere Island .
Red Dead Redemption is an open world action-adventure western video game , developed by Rockstar San Diego and published by Rockstar Games .
Panama is located in Central America , bordering both the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean , between Colombia and Costa Rica .
Aldo Maldera -LRB- born 14 October 1953 in Milan -RRB- is an Italian former footballer .
It is popularly believed that Pavlov always signaled the occurrence of food by ringing a bell .
Fish and copra are the country 's major exports , and cotton goods , motor vehicles , meats , and sugar are the major imports .
In 1996 he was an honorary doctor of University of Toulouse and in 1997 he was an honorary professor of Moscow State University .
Lyari River is a small ephemeral stream that flows through the Pakistani megacity of Karachi from north east to the center and drains into the Arabian Sea at the Monora channel .
He rode for the Isle of Man on the track at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne , riding the scratch race .
There are also regular scheduled ferry services to Labuan .
At the 2000 census the population was 3,002 .
In the middle of the state , the Central Plain has some unique sandstone formations like the Dells of the Wisconsin River in addition to rich farmland .
The Avatar possesses a unique power and ability called the Avatar State , which endows the Avatar with all the knowledge and abilities of all past Avatars and acts as a self-triggering defense mechanism , although it can be made subject to the will of the user through various methods , such as extensive trial and training .
A sample mean value of 280 grams however would be extremely rare if the mean content of the cups is in fact close to 250 grams .
The encyclopedia was later updated under the auspices of The Catholic University of America and a 17-volume New Catholic Encyclopedia was first published in 1967 , and then in 2002 .
Code to the left , actual rendering to the right :
The first viable substitute was celluloid billiard balls , invented by John Wesley Hyatt in 1868 , but the material was volatile and highly flammable , sometimes exploding during manufacture .
Later that day the JTWC upgraded as the depression moved towards the west it was upgraded to a Tropical Storm by the JTWC .
These were consolidated by the first Librarian of the college , Emma Ryder .
Australian postcodes are managed by Australia Post .
Central Karakoram National Park or Karakoram National Park is a National Park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan that comprises the Baltoro , Panmah , Biafo and Hispar glaciers and their tributary glaciers . The Central Karakoram National Park lies mostly in Skardu District of the Northern Areas , but also includes area within the Gilgit District .
Poultry such as ducks , geese , and pigeons were captured in nets and bred on farms , where they were force-fed with dough to fatten them .
Initial production was based only in Japan , but since 1994 the American market has been served by vehicles assembled at the former Diamond-Star Motors -LRB- DSM -RRB- facility in Normal , Illinois .
The original standard book number -LRB- SBN -RRB- had no group identifier , but affixing a zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- as prefix to a 9-digit SBN creates a valid 10-digit ISBN .
She was contracted at the Royal Swedish Opera , where her older sister was prima donna , in 1812 .
The Greek historians record that the town was celebrated for its monolithite temple and oracle of the goddess Wadjet -LRB- Buto -RRB- -LRB- Herod .
On that night , Cena was in charge and pitted Orton against Triple H. During the match , Cena charged into the ring and lifted Triple H overhead for an FU .
Smoke grenades generally emit a far larger amount of smoke than smoke bombs that are sold as fireworks .
Eagle Comics was a short lived comic book publishing company that existed to reprint comic stories from the UK 's 2000 A.D. magazine for distribution in North America .
This could be another boot manager , such as the Microsoft boot menu , allowing further selection of non-Multiboot operating systems .
The Iraqi national football team represents Iraq in international football and is controlled by the Iraq Football Association .
This discovery , made at the Observatoire de Haute-Provence , ushered in the modern era of exoplanetary discovery .
Sundquist left the band to spend time with his family , and remained on friendly terms with Cornell and Thayil following his departure .
Retheuil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Some examples of candy are : caramel candy , toffee , fudge , praline , tablet , gumdrops , jelly beans , rock candy , lollipops , taffy , cotton candy , candy canes , peppermint sticks , peanut brittle , chocolate-coated raisins or peanuts , hard candy -LRB- called boiled sweets in British English -RRB- and candy bars .
The other options -LRB- in\/out -RRB- were added for completeness , to allow anything : in , out , both or none .
In all known organisms , the deoxyribonucleotides that make up DNA are synthesized by the action of ribonucleotide reductase -LRB- RNR -RRB- enzymes on their corresponding ribonucleotides .
William Xavier Barbosa , or William , -LRB- born 22 September 1983 in Campo Grande -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer .
McDiarmid has appeared in 47 films since 1976 .
William Ralph Dean -LRB- 22 January 1907 -- 1 March 1980 -RRB- , better known as Dixie Dean , was an English football player .
In that episode , Frasier , on a trip to Boston , meets the Cheers gang -LRB- though not at Cheers itself -RRB- and Cliff thinks Frasier has flown out specifically for his -LRB- Cliff 's -RRB- retirement party , which Frasier ends up attending . Frasier was on the air for as many seasons and almost as many episodes as Cheers , going off the air in 2004 after an eleven-season run .
Yoshiichi Watanabe -LRB- born April 5 , 1954 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
A controversy among the Baptists flared in 1887 with Spurgeon 's first `` Down-grade '' article , published in The Sword & the Trowel . In the ensuing `` Downgrade Controversy , '' the Metropolitan Tabernacle became disaffiliated from the Baptist Union , effectuating Spurgeon 's congregation as the world 's largest self-standing church .
Its county seat is Chandler .
He has played for Japan 's national team .
Belle Isle is located at .
Jan Koller -LRB- born 30 March 1973 -RRB- is a Czech footballer who is currently playing for French club AS Cannes .
On April 15 , 2010 , Office 2010 was released to manufacturing . The suite became available for retail and online purchase on June 15 , 2010 .
The law of Charlemagne was based on Salic Law , an influence as great as that of Greece and Rome .
Edward `` Eddie '' McKay Cheever , Jr. -LRB- born January 10 , 1958 in Phoenix , Arizona -RRB- is an American racing driver who raced for almost thirty years in Formula One , Sports cars , CART and the Indy Racing League .
In both camps , romances emerged at Koror -LRB- Jenn and Gregg -RRB- and Ulong -LRB- Kim and Jeff -RRB- .
This template turns out orange , the same colors of the `` You have new messages -LRB- last changes -RRB- '' box .
Forty-six thousand British troops , one-third of the total strength of the British Army 's land forces , were deployed to assist with the invasion of Iraq and thereafter British armed forces were responsible for security in southern Iraq in the run-up to the Iraqi elections of January 2005 .
By the middle of the 20th century , the second bridge was no longer able to handle the volume of traffic it received .
It was especially emotional for the # 11 team as Hamlin had lost his grandmother , Thelma Clark , that Friday .
Historically , in the warm Mediterranean and Middle Eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during Friday prayers .
Lust exposes people to others ; romantic attraction encourages people to focus their energy on mating ; and attachment involves tolerating the spouse -LRB- or indeed the child -RRB- long enough to rear a child into infancy .
The Scion xB is a vehicle made by Toyota for the United States market and sold under their youth-oriented Scion brand .
Now-extinct marine animals called graptolites thrived in the oceans .
It is a Christmas time dessert in Portugal and Brazil -LRB- rabanada -RRB- and an Easter dessert in Spain -LRB- torrijas -RRB- .
Presley plays a teenager named Danny Fisher , who is forced to drop out of school to help support his ineffective father -LRB- Dean Jagger -RRB- .
Lahor is surrounded by Yar Hussain , Tordher , Ambar and the Indus River .
An archivist is a professional who assesses , collects , organizes , preserves , maintains control over , and provides access to information determined to have long-term value .
Using will create a two-column reference list , and will create a three-column list , and so on .
It is also designated Uranus VI .
Give 'Em Enough Rope is the second studio album by the English punk rock band The Clash .
It is possible to cross into Italy via the Cervinia cable car station .
A limited physical version of the single was released on 7 '' vinyl and can be obtained exclusively by pre-ordering Appeal to Reason .
Antonios Nikopolidis -LRB- ; born 14 January 1971 in Arta -RRB- is a Greek football player playing at the position of goalkeeper .
Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Beryl dropped moderate precipitation just offshore , though the maximum precipitation total in the United States was only 0.97 inches -LRB- 24.6 mm -RRB- on Nantucket .
World title competition first started in 1986 and required the use of ivory balls .
They also have few villages scattered across Rawalpindi , Bhawalpur , Amritsar , Gurdaspur , Jalandhar , Moga , Ludhiana and Sangrur .
The 3\/4 mile stretch of standard gauge track and museum are owned and operated by the Jolly family assisted by a dedicated staff of volunteers .
Rau was born in the Barmen part of Wuppertal , Rhine Province , as the third of five children .
Caslano is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino , near to the Italian border .
At dawn on September 17 , Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker 's corps mounted a powerful assault on Lee 's left flank .
He played five times for the Austrian national team U 19 and U 20 and two times for U 21 .
Nickel -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate , or just nickel sulfate , usually refers to the chemical compound with the formula NiSO4 .
To promote nationwide literacy among 1st to 6th graders and encourage more reading during the summer , Barnes & Noble has implemented a summer challenge where if children read 8 books and write about their reading , Barnes & Noble will give the readers a free book .
The popular American movie critics Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper have given positive reviews of the film .
Boiled eggs are a popular breakfast food in many countries around the world .
Kunihiro Shibasaki is a Japanese football player .
In Super Mario 64 , Mario gains new jumping abilities , such as a sideways somersault , a ground pound , and the `` Wall Kick '' , which propels him upwards by kicking off walls .
Prichard is a city in Mobile County , Alabama , in the United States .
Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the chemical formula CaCO3 .
Challis later realized that he had observed the planet twice in August , failing to identify it owing to his casual approach to the work .
It is located on Polyphemus 's Island in the Sea of Monsters -LRB- the Bermuda Triangle -RRB- .
However , the status of Leadbeater 's Possum is in even more doubt following the disastrous bushfires that swept its only known habitat on Black Saturday in February 2009 .
Toronto won the series and advanced to the Stanley Cup finals .
Then he pulled Daniel out , and threw into the den those who had attempted his destruction , and they were instantly eaten before his eyes . ''
`` Open Road '' is the first single from Bryan Adams ' 2004 album `` Room Service '' .
He is portrayed in the original trilogy by Alec Guinness and in the prequel trilogy by Ewan McGregor .
The 14th century saw further growth .
Miani continues to have a population of Muslim Khatris .
A baker 's dozen , long dozen , or long measure is 13 , one more than a standard dozen .
The $ 1 note was replaced by a coin in 1984 , while a $ 100 note was also introduced .
Cheryl Elise Kendall Gillan FCIM -LRB- born 21 April 1952 in Cardiff , Wales -RRB- is a British Conservative Party politician .
Markkleeberg is a town in the Leipzig district , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Samus travels to its core , where she finally defeats Dark Samus , then the corrupted Aurora Unit 313 .
The adult robin is preyed upon by hawks , cats and larger snakes , but when feeding in flocks , it is able to be vigilant and watch other birds for reactions to predators .
Often the acts of artivists can be refererred to as part of the larger concept of Culture jamming .
Zinc sheet metal is used to make zinc bars .
It is situated just off the Mid-Western Highway 258 km west of Sydney and 52 km south-west of Bathurst and is 720 m above sea-level .
Many settled in the new free colony of Victoria , to the disgust of the free settlers in towns such as Melbourne .
The program still aired on Thursdays in Canada on the Score .
They are aromatic , with erect branched stems up to 60 cm long covered with fine hairs at the tips .
Death Magnetic debuted at number one in the United States selling 490,000 units with Metallica becoming the first band to have five consecutive studio albums debut at number one in the history of the Billboard 200 . After a week of its release , Death Magnetic remained at number one on the Billboard 200 , the European album chart , and became the fastest selling album in Australia for 2008 .
The first Duke Nukem 3D port was from icculus.org .
to his publisher , who replied with a single ' ! ' .
The full text of the report is available through several websites .
The key problems of complex systems are difficulties with their formal modeling and simulation .
Mirza lost in the first round of the MPS Group Championships but won the doubles title with Chuang .
He was born into slavery ; his parents were owned by Edward B. Dudley the Governor of North Carolina from 1836 to 1841 .
Winston Smith works as a clerk in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth , where his job is to rewrite historical documents so they match the constantly changing current party line .
She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Cold Mountain -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
Keidran Jones , -LRB- born 1987 -RRB- better known as his stage name , Iyaz , from the British Virgin Islands , is a singer signed with the record label Beluga Heights Records .
The Diablo Gift Pack -LRB- 2000 -RRB- contained Diablo and Diablo II , but no expansions .
However , he had a poor showing at the St. Petersburg tournament in 1914 , not placing in the top five .
On the other hand , the Japanese car parts were virtually identical to each other , and much closer to the nominal values for the parts - e.g. , if a part were supposed to be one foot long , plus or minus 1\/8 of an inch - then the Japanese parts were within 1\/16 of an inch .
Epicurus is a key figure in the development of science and the scientific method because of his insistence that nothing should be believed , except that which was tested through direct observation and logical deduction .
Oparin argued that a `` primeval soup '' of organic molecules could be created in an oxygenless atmosphere through the action of sunlight .
Sir Roger Penrose OM FRS -LRB- born 8 August 1931 -RRB- is an English mathematical physicist and Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematical Institute , University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College .
Antonio de Ulloa y de la Torre-Giralt -LRB- 12 January 1716 -- 3 July 1795 -RRB- was a Spanish general , explorer , author , astronomer , colonial administrator and the first Spanish governor of Louisiana .
David Suzuki : The Autobiography is the 2006 autobiography of Canadian science writer and broadcaster David Suzuki .
This possibility kept the asteroid at Level 1 on the Torino impact hazard scale until August 2006 , when the probability that Apophis will pass through the keyhole was determined to be very small .
Preceded by the UK and US Top 10 hit `` Tumbling Dice '' , Exile on Main St. was released in May 1972 .
can subscribe to a web feed of this page in either -LRB- RSS -RRB- or -LRB- Atom -RRB- format .
Songmaster received the Hamilton-Brackett Memorial Award 1981 .
Henry was born in the tower above the gatehouse of Monmouth Castle and for that reason called Henry of Monmouth , son of Henry of Bolingbroke , later Henry IV , and sixteen-year-old Mary de Bohun .
She was made a doctor of music by the University of Cambridge in 1976 , and became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire -LRB- DBE -RRB- in 1992 .
The Toyota Sequoia is a full-size SUV produced by Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana in Princeton , Indiana .
Legislation -LRB- or `` statutory law '' -RRB- is law which has been promulgated -LRB- or `` enacted '' -RRB- by a legislature or other governing body , or the process of making it .
The lawnchair used in the flight was given to an admiring boy named Jerry , though Walters later regretted doing so , since the Smithsonian Institute asked him to donate it to its museum .
After the plot was exposed in September 1780 , he was commissioned into the British Army as a brigadier general .
However , the timing of the availability of DECT , in the mid 1990s , was too early to find wide application for wireless data outside niche industrial applications .
Its initial game , a first-person shooter called Disruptor for the PlayStation , was released on November 20 , 1996 , and received critical success .
Bourdenay is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Mowgli and Shanti fall too but are saved by Baloo .
Discovered by Edward John Eyre in 1839 , for the following twenty years it was believed that Lake Torrens was an enormous horseshoe-shaped saltpan encircling the northern Flinders Ranges and blocking any path to the interior .
The Western Tragopan or Western Horned Tragopan -LRB- Tragopan melanocephalus -RRB- is a medium sized brightly plumaged pheasant found along the Himalayas from Hazara in northern Pakistan in the west to Uttarakhand within India to the east .
The Justice and Equality Movement -LRB- JEM -RRB- -LRB- , Hrka alAdl oalmsaoaa -RRB- is a rebel group involved in the Darfur conflict of Sudan , led by Khalil Ibrahim .
Keyboard instruments were further developed in the early 20th century .
The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong to the same dynamic cluster as Stephano and Francisco , suggesting common origin .
In 1990 , at the age of 29 , she was admitted as a partner .
In 1973 , new information came to light about FBI operations targeted against Weather Underground and the New Left , all part of a series of covert and often illegal FBI projects called COINTEL .
The NFL 's Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the NHL 's Tampa Bay Lightning call Tampa home , while the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball play across the bay in St. Petersburg .
It occurs on every continent except Australia and Antarctica .
Malvales is the name of an order of flowering plants .
A reverse proxy is a proxy server that appears to clients to be an ordinary server .
For example , the `` Do not steal '' may be loosely matched to `` Concern of everyone about the preservation and multiplication of the common wealth '' .
Some reduction in numbers occurred because of habitat loss when the Europeans started settling further inland .
Both the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern China .
In Japan , China , Taiwan and some Southeast Asian countries , including Thailand and Malaysia , peas are roasted and salted , and eaten as snacks .
In 1783 , according to family tradition , Jane and Cassandra were sent to Oxford to be educated by Mrs. Ann Cawley and they moved with her to Southampton later in the year .
The word laser started as an acronym for `` light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation '' ; in modern usage `` light '' broadly denotes electromagnetic radiation of any frequency , not only visible light , hence infrared laser , ultraviolet laser , X-ray laser , and so on .
Use the arguments n1 , n2 , n3 , etc. to specify items that should not be linked .
Since 2001 , these have been led by democratically elected local councils , each headed by a Nazim -LRB- the word means `` supervisor '' in Urdu , but is sometimes translated as Mayor -RRB- .
Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The main branches consider tritheism heretical .
God later commanded Moses to inscribe two other tablets , to replace the ones Moses smashed , so Moses went to the mountain again , for another period of 40 days and nights , and when he returned , the commandments were finally given .
The birth of the anti-nuclear movement in California can be traced to controversy over Pacific Gas & Electric 's attempt to build the nation 's first commercially viable nuclear power plant in Bodega Bay .
Finally , she established Harry 's birth date as 31 July , the same as her own .
In 2005 , new Furbies were released , with voice-recognition and more complex facial movements , and many other changes and improvements .
Most timpani have six to eight tension rods .
In 2003 , Bowyer raced a full season in the NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division Midwest Series , scoring one top-ten finish in 11 starts .
The decision was handed down by a vote of 7 to 1 with the majority opinion written by Justice Henry Billings Brown and the dissent written by Justice John Marshall Harlan .
Art Director of Classica Nova International Music Competition .
The Futurists practiced in every medium of art , including painting , sculpture , ceramics , graphic design , industrial design , interior design , theater , film , fashion , textiles , literature , music , architecture and even gastronomy .
Even the most level-headed , otherwise-normal software developers will become overwhelmed by the pre-exising nerdisms , so that even simple changes can introduce new quirks , and hence , no single group of people can be blamed for the combined , bizarre outcomes .
According to Christian Friedrich Daniel Schubart , A major is a key suitable for `` declarations of innocent love , ... hope of seeing one 's beloved again when parting ; youthful cheerfulness and trust in God . ''
The title of the psalm claims that it was written by King David after his battle with Goliath .
The words were set to music by Albert Von Tilzer , -LRB- Norworth and Von Tilzer finally saw their first Major League Baseball games 32 and 20 years later , respectively -RRB- .
The main plot follows two terminally ill men -LRB- portrayed by Nicholson and Freeman -RRB- on their road trip with a wish list of things to do before they `` kick the bucket . ''
It is located in Kansas City , Missouri .
Information returned includes the server 's version , when it was compiled , the patch level , when it was started , and any other information which may be considered to be relevant .
D'Ambrosio moved into single-seaters in 2003 , winning the Belgian Formula Renault -LRB- 1.6 litre -RRB- championship , driving for former Formula One driver and compatriot Thierry Boutsen 's team .
The animals have weak musculature but maintain agility and buoyancy with little effort thanks to sophisticated statocysts -LRB- balancing organs akin to a human 's inner ear -RRB- and ammonium-rich gelatinous tissues closely matching the density of the surrounding seawater .
The Bir Tawil area came under Egyptian administration in 1902 , because it was grazing land of the Ababda tribe based near Aswan , Egypt .
Five Indiana manufacturers supplied 3.2 million ten-pound bricks to the track .
He missed one race the whole season and scored two Top 5 's and 7 Top 10 's on his way to a 20th place position in the point standings .
Anvik is located at -LRB- 62.655659 , -160.209237 -RRB- , west of the Yukon River at the mouth of the Anvik River .
As part of the new government structure in South Sudan in 2005 , Bahr al Jabal was renamed Central Equatoria .
Later , he signed with the new Germain-Arnold Racing team , finishing 4th in their debut at Richmond .
For editors that prefer this style , this template has parameters page , pages , and at .
During such revisions , sports can be excluded or included in the program on the basis of a two-thirds majority vote of the members of the IOC .
It is split horizontally into an upper red half and a lower black half .
Afterward , the band took a slot opening for Guns N ' Roses in North America on the band 's Use Your Illusion Tour .
Plant life is more diverse in the Middle Missouri but it does not have many species of fish . Finally , the Central Prairie ecoregion is situated on the lower part of the Missouri , encompassing all or parts of Missouri , Kansas , Oklahoma and Arkansas .
However on 9 December an agreement was reached with Formula One rights holder Bernie Ecclestone ensuring that the track would host the British Grand Prix until 2009 after which Donington Park would become the new host of the British Grand Prix .
Yusuke Tasaka is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kawasaki Frontale .
Gosport is located at .
No further edits should be made to this page .
They did not leave many artefacts or monuments .
Dachau was founded in the 8th century .
The NAS , NAE , and IOM are honorary membership organizations , with a total membership of over 6,000 scientists , engineers , and health professionals .
Bart 's first stunt ends in injury , and despite the family and Dr. Hibbert 's best efforts , he continues to attempt stunts .
In 2005 , Kroes was selected as `` Model of The Year '' on Vogue.com by readers and was featured on the cover of the May 2007 issue with the new crop of `` supermodels . ''
It has 24 cantons and 288 communes .
John Sheehan was appointed Marshal in 1875 , by Mayor Eli Teed .
The image to the right demonstrates this .
Bertrand 's postulate -LRB- actually a theorem -RRB- states that if n -RRB- 3 is an integer , then there always exists at least one prime number p with n 1 there is always at least one prime p such that n -LRB- p -LRB- 2n .
After a few times Eli told Samuel that the voice was God 's , and instructed Samuel on how to respond . Once Samuel responded God told him that the wickedness of the sons of Eli had resulted in their dynasty being condemned to destruction .
He stated that he came to office under `` very sad and unusual circumstances . ''
Other pages using this link should be updated to replace text with the redirect target -LRB- again , without piping -RRB- .
The campus ' office of public affairs recognizes two official names for the university : `` California State Polytechnic University , Pomona '' and `` Cal Poly Pomona '' .
She has also expressed a desire to work with director Lukas Moodysson again .
The city lost its prime importance around 2000 BC , in the context of the struggle of Babylonia with Elam , but it remained inhabited throughout the Seleucid and Parthian periods until it was finally abandoned during the Sassanid period shortly before the Islamic conquest of Mesopotamia .
Dubai 's government operates within the framework of a constitutional monarchy , and has been ruled by the Al Maktoum family since 1833 . The current ruler , Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , is also the Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and member of the Supreme Council of the Union -LRB- SCU -RRB- .
The depression turned to the northwest , dropping heavy rains on central Texas on August 6 .
Once we have the genetic representation and the fitness function defined , GA proceeds to initialize a population of solutions randomly , then improve it through repetitive application of mutation , crossover , inversion and selection operators .
With the aid of the djinni of the lamp , Aladdin becomes rich and powerful and marries Princess Badroulbadour , the Emperor 's daughter .
See the below example , where `` Sunk : '' and `` Raised : '' fields are added to the ship 's career :
Built in 1923 on the location of an older tower called Crich Stand , the Memorial Tower is the destination of an annual pilgrimage on the first Sunday in July .
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1991 .
However , local historian William Corder had already made the criticism in the 1890s ; Corder thought little of Crawford .
RPM was intended primarily for GNU\/Linux distributions ; the file format is the baseline package format of the Linux Standard Base .
In the end , Coby 's jealousy of Ian and Tom 's leadership , constant complaining and revealing too much of the tribe dynamics to Stephenie , gave him the boot and the first seat in the Jury in a 7-1-1 vote .
The electromagnetic force is one of the four fundamental forces .
Aad de Mos -LRB- born 27 March 1947 in The Hague -RRB- is a Dutch football coach , currently managing Eredivisie club Sparta Rotterdam .
These 4 topics sum up the vast majority of issues and problems faced by global civil society and will remain , according to experts , the most urgent and relevant working areas for the global community .
However , six new elite Bohrok , called the Bohrok-Kal , appeared with the purpose of releasing the Bahrag .
Like other components of the DES , the iterative nature of the Feistel construction makes implementing the cryptosystem in hardware easier -LRB- particularly on the hardware available at the time of DES ' design -RRB- .
From the day of their debut to March 19 , 2009 , the five members are estimated to have been photographed about 500 million times in magazines , albums jackets , and commercials , etc. .
In a letter to Lincoln written the following day , Everett praised the President for his eloquent and concise speech , saying , `` I should be glad if I could flatter myself that I came as near to the central idea of the occasion , in two hours , as you did in two minutes . ''
She married Emmanuel de Merode , a Belgian primatologist in 2003 .
From 450 BC these settlements were gradually taken over by the Etruscans .
Coeuve is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Abandoning his personal property , Fielding fled to London ; Oson 's seizure of Fielding 's possessions mirrors Mrs Moneywood 's threats to seize those belonging to Luckless .
During the Dry season , those rivers are reduced to a series of waterholes and sandy beds .
For eyebrows , the cycle is completed in around 4 months , while it takes the scalp 3 -- 4 years to finish ; this is the reason eyebrow hairs have a much shorter length limit compared to hairs on the head .
Ian Hicks was born in Portsmouth on the 3rd of August 1975 .
Takahiro Shimada -LRB- born 9 February 1965 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Toudon is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
On 18 September 96 , Domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy involving members of the Praetorian Guard and several of his freedmen .
The event was marred by fans rioting in Manchester city center ; these riots started after a big screen that was due to show the match had failed .
The rifle itself could be based on a standard rifle -LRB- at first , a bolt-action rifle -RRB- ; however , when fitted with a telescopic sight , it becomes a sniper rifle .
At least four other songs he recorded for Paramount have never been found .
At this point a local road -LRB- to Scout Green -RRB- runs between the two carriageways without a link to the motorway .
Subsequently Soundgarden 's Screaming Life EP was released , and the grunge phenomenon quickly followed .
The aurora borealis is sometimes visible on winter nights , weather permitting , especially at the climax of the 11 year cycle .
Sun was in Egypt to shoot a music video for her new album .
In the Greek Orthodox Church , the terms `` kathedrikos naos '' -LRB- literally : `` cathedral shrine '' -RRB- is sometimes used for the church at which an archbishop or `` metropolitan '' presides . The term `` metropolis '' -LRB- literally `` mother city '' -RRB- is used more commonly than `` diocese '' to signify an area of governance within the church .
Mont Ventoux has become legendary as the scene of one of the most gruelling climbs in the Tour de France bicycle race , which has ascended the mountain fourteen times since 1951 .
On December 10 , 2007 , media reported that DuBrow had been pronounced dead on the afternoon of November 25 , 2007 , and that the cause of death was cocaine overdose .
The Black and Tans was one of two newly recruited bodies , composed largely of British World War I veterans , employed by the Royal Irish Constabulary as Temporary Constables from 1920 to 1921 to suppress revolution in Ireland .
Under the constitution of 1868 , executive power is exercised by the Grand Duke and the cabinet , which consists of several other ministers .
She attempted to find opportunities for film work , and while unemployed , she posed for nude photographs .
Lando Calrissian is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe .
He appeared on the 29 March 2007 cover of the German Vanity Fair magazine , which included a several page spread about the cub 's life .
The cumulative ACE for the 2006 season was toward the lower end of the official `` Near Normal '' grading .
There is hyaline cartilage present in the bronchi , present as irregular rings in the larger bronchi -LRB- and not as regular as in the trachea -RRB- , and as small plates and islands in the smaller bronchi .
This list is in chronological order across the page by genus .
The population was 3,038 at the 2000 census .
The orbits these two moons follow around Saturn are much simpler than the one Cruithne follows , but operate along the same general principles .
Please remember that time spent with and number of edits to Wikipedia are not indicative of the quality of an editor 's contributions , or of their diplomatic ability .
Gustave Flaubert -LRB- December 12 , 1821 -- May 8 , 1880 -RRB- was a French writer who is counted among the greatest Western novelists .
The Royal Ontario Museum -LRB- ROM -RRB- is a museum of world culture and natural history in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The convention 's activities are called the `` program '' , which may include panel discussions , readings , autograph sessions , costume masquerades , and other events .
The car was designed by Dante Giacosa .
Atoka is a city in Atoka County , Oklahoma , United States .
Bionicle -LRB- stylized BIONICLE -RRB- is a line of toys by the LEGO Group marketed primarily for 5 - to 16-year-olds .
The per capita income for the village is $ 14,467 .
He was chief conductor of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra from 1981 until 1985 - the year he made his debut in the United Kingdom , along with pianist Evgeny Kissin , and violinists Maxim Vengerov and Vadim Repin , at The Lichfield Festival .
It was formerly listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the longest street in the world at 1896 k , and the construction of Yonge Street is designated an Event of National Historic Significance .
Today Lourdes has a population of around 15,000 but is able to take in some 5,000,000 pilgrims and tourists every season .
However , after insulting the home-town team and introducing Kane , the wrestler gave him a tombstone piledriver starting a tri-year tradition .
The coverts -LRB- shorter feathers covering the bases of the long wing feathers -RRB- were gray , contrasting the mainly white main wings .
The actual phyllogenetic position of Westlothiania is uncertain , reflecting the uncertainty of labyrinthodont phylogeny in general .
Survivor is an American version of the Survivor reality television game show , itself derived from the Swedish television series Expedition Robinson originally created in 1997 by Charlie Parsons .
Mont-d ` Origny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Also , many people would likely call a fully automatic shotgun a shotgun , even though legally it would fall into a different category .
It can also be used to reinstall the system software from the included installation DVD .
They are also known as long-horned grasshoppers , although they are more closely related to crickets than to grasshoppers .
Rush is a Canadian rock band originally formed in August 1968 , in the Willowdale neighborhood of Toronto , Ontario , currently composed of bassist , keyboardist , and lead vocalist Geddy Lee , guitarist Alex Lifeson , and drummer and lyricist Neil Peart .
Founded in 1742 , it became the provincial capital in 1840 .
They include a wide variety of pathogens , such as Escherichia , Salmonella , Vibrio , Helicobacter , and many other notable genera .
He laid out the first streets in Cary and built a sawmill , a general store and a post office -LRB- Page became the first Postmaster -RRB- .
NC 12 is a North Carolina state highway that traverses the northeastern shoreline of North Carolina , linking the islands of the Outer Banks .
Articles about trophies and awards found in the sport of ice hockey .
This astronomical ceiling represents the heavens and is painted in dark blue , with a myriad of golden five-pointed stars .
Abortion , whether therapeutic or illegal , is in the main no longer dangerous , because it is being done well by physicians . ''
Sepang International Circuit also features kart racing and motocross facilities .
European settlement led to the displacement of Aboriginal communities and the arrival of Torres Strait Islanders on the mainland .
This subtemplate of displays a metric\/imperial pair of population density values for a line in the main infobox .
They are slimy and are often seen at the edge of bodies of water with their eyes above the water .
Casals died in 1973 in San Juan , Puerto Rico , at the age of 96 and was buried at the Puerto Rico National Cemetery .
With Ozai defeated , the war quickly ends .
; body : The material contained by the template , usually a list or list of links .
Waterloo Script was created at the University of Waterloo later .
Krumbach was the capital of this district .
He also wrote introductions to compilations and many articles and translated several books from German to English .
In the year 1743 the first magistrate and mayor appointed .
Teeth discovered associated with Tenontosaurus specimens imply it was hunted or at least scavenged upon by Deinonychus .
Compacted oxide layer glaze describes the often shiny , wear-protective layer of oxide formed when two metals -LRB- or a metal and ceramic -RRB- are slid against each other at high temperature in an oxygen-containing atmosphere .
\/ \/ Replace redirects to Reflist with Reflist str = str .
She resigned her office on January 2 , 2007 in order to be sworn in to Congress on January 4 , 2007 .
Estimates based on the tunnel 's size , suggest it would have allowed approximately 2,000 KPA soldiers -LRB- one regiment -RRB- to pass through it per hour .
It was shot digitally .
The Third Punic War -LRB- Latin : Tertium Bellum Punicum -RRB- -LRB- 149 BC to 146 BC -RRB- was the third and last of the Punic Wars fought between the former Phoenician colony of Carthage , and the Roman Republic .
; 2010 On November 27 , 2009 it was announced that Peter Sauber would repurchase the team conditional upon the team receiving a FIA entry for the 2010 season .
On 13 March 1888 , a volcano erupted on Ritter Island causing a megatsunami .
It involves one or more students -LRB- also called pupils or learners in some circumstances -RRB- being taught by a teacher or instructor .
RPM was a Canadian music industry publication that featured song and album charts for Canada .
The municipality comprises the towns of Dadizele and Moorslede proper .
She was voted # 45 on FHM-US and FHM-Australia 's 100 Sexiest Women in 2000 .
In 1919 , the University of Concepcion was founded , becoming the first regional university in Chile . The University 's founder , Enrique Molina Garmendia , was also its first President and proposed that `` this new University , in addition to professional education in liberal arts and technical sciences , as required by the development of increased national wealth , will be center of information for the public , outreach , scientific research and experimentation , and the promotion of best literary , humanist and philosophical culture '' .
Paul Mariner -LRB- born 22 May 1953 -RRB- is an English football coach , manager , and retired player , who is currently with Toronto FC .
The open goods wagons were originally delivered with a single top-hung side door on each side , but these proved inefficient , and all were eventually converted to side hung double doors .
He is best known for his work with World Wrestling Entertainment as simply Daivari and with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as Sheik Abdul Bashir .
Anne enjoyed a close and happy family upbringing in Denmark , thanks largely to Queen Sophie , who tended the children herself during their illnesses .
However , the gates opened at 06:00 on September 22 as originally planned and the tournament 's first day went ahead without major disruption .
They may be either regular issues that just happen to be printed in small groups -LRB- typical of many early stamps -RRB- , or special issues often commemorating some event , such as a national anniversary , philatelic exhibition , or government program .
Adamsville is a village in Muskingum County , Ohio , United States .
Quirinus was originally most likely a Sabine god of war .
Lee was born in Daegu , the hub of Korea 's main conservative party . He graduated in 1981 with a degree in Korean Literature from Kyungpook National University in Daegu , where he spent much of his time in the theater , writing and directing plays .
Reuters quoted an unnamed Western diplomat as saying `` They -LRB- the Government of Kazakhstan -RRB- are damned if they do -LRB- respond -RRB- and damned if they do n't , '' he said .
He studied cell division and pollination , but became known as the man who discouraged Gregor Mendel from further work on genetics .
The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party -LRB- SDHP -RRB- , is the oldest of the Armenian political parties and was the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia .
Edwards and Farley also received an honorary city council membership from Jones , who had previously appeared on The Political Cesspool .
Guam , along with the rest of the Mariana and Caroline Islands , were treated as part of Spain 's colony in the Philippines . While Guam 's Chamorro culture is unique , the cultures of both Guam and the Northern Marianas were heavily influenced by Spanish culture and traditions during their 333 years of rule .
The embryo develops an `` egg tooth '' during incubation , which it uses to tear open the egg ; the tooth disappears soon after hatching .
This is to be placed at the end of a language article , in the same way as the template is used now , but for test Wikipedias on Incubator .
The god Sobek , which was depicted as a crocodile or a man with the head of a crocodile was a powerful and frightening deity ; in some Egyptian creation myths , it was Sobek who first came out of the waters of chaos to create the world .
Scorpion stings lead to paralysis and Serket 's name describes this , as it means -LRB- she who -RRB- tightens the throat , however , Serket 's name also can be read as meaning -LRB- she who -RRB- causes the throat to breathe , and so , as well as being seen as stinging the unrighteous , Serket was seen as one who could cure scorpion stings and the effects of other poisons such as snake bites .
Derwinski currently resides in Glen Ellyn , Illinois with his wife , the former Bonita Hickey .
This is a partial list of the various lists of astronomical objects .
In other folklore , the changelings are put in place of the child to feed off of the mother of the child . The kidnapped child then becomes food for the changeling 's mother .
For example , in about 5 billion years , when the Sun is a red giant , it will expand out to a maximum radius of roughly 1 A , 250 times its present size .
Herlincourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
These additions turn the material into a low alloy steel by some definitions , but AISI 's definition of carbon steel allows up to 1.65 % manganese by weight .
It is primarily low-lying , which is one explanation for the name which the French gave unto it , as Basseterre translates to `` low land '' in English .
Five days later , on the February 24 edition of SmackDown !
It was attended by approximately a thousand people including many artists he had championed .
To participate in the match , a wrestler had to first qualify for it by winning a match ; this process began on the February 23 episode of Raw , in which CM Punk qualified by defeating The Miz and John Morrison in a Triple Threat match .
In October 1987 , on its 100th anniversary , the name was changed to Yamaha Corporation .
An enquiry was held but no attempt was made to arrest Donald Traill , master of Neptune and described as a demented sadist , or bring a public prosecution against him , the other masters , or the firm of contractors .
It flows through Srinagar and the Wular lake before entering Pakistan through a deep narrow gorge .
The 2,500-strong Pakistan Coast Guard , headquartered in Karachi , is responsible for maritime law , and maintenance of seamarks , border control , anti-smuggling operations , and other services .
Teton is a city in Fremont County , Idaho , United States .
The main industries in and around Exira are agriculture and agribusiness . Exira has an elementary school , built in 1913 , and a high school , completed in 1959 .
The name Brig is derived from Briva , or `` bridge . ''
Mian Channu Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Also see : Templates to decode the various parameter `` y '' unit-codes , as listed in the special directory-index page : Special : PrefixIndex\/Template : Convert\/fout .
He is renowned for his work in mathematical physics , in particular his contributions to general relativity and cosmology .
The book focuses mostly on his life since the 1987 publication of his first autobiography , Metamorphosis : Stages in a Life .
Autremencourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The population of Zhob district is estimated to be over 500,000 in 2005 .
It took 20 days for new trees and vegetation to grow following the storms passing .
He netted 11 goals in total for the club in 46 appearances .
This is a diverse group including organisms such as coccidia , gregarines , piroplasms , hemogregarines , and plasmodia .
This article is about the county in Wales . For other uses , see Kingdom of Powys and Powys -LRB- surname -RRB- .
The station , and all trains serving it , is operated by National Express East Anglia .
Many Italian Futurists supported Fascism in the hope of modernizing a country divided between the industrialising north and the rural , archaic South .
Windows Defender , formerly known as Microsoft AntiSpyware , is a software product from Microsoft to prevent , remove , and quarantine spyware in Microsoft Windows .
Robin van Persie -LRB- ; born 6 August 1983 -RRB- is a Dutch footballer .
In 1963 the `` smiley face '' , a yellow button with two black dots representing eyes and an upturned thick curve representing a mouth , was created by freelance artist Harvey Ball .
In November 2009 , she joined Nicole The Entertainer 's Introduction to Veterinary Science .
White supremacy was also dominant in South Africa under apartheid and in parts of Europe at various time periods .
Contescourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
They derive from African traditional religions , especially of West and Central Africa , showing similarities to the Yoruba religion in particular .
They are facultatively aerobic , but do not produce oxygen in the process of producing energy from light , or phototrophy .
Bahrain fought off fierce competition from elsewhere in the region to stage the race , with Egypt , Lebanon and the United Arab Emirates all hoping for the prestige of hosting a Formula One Grand Prix .
The Swiss Federal Office for Statistics generates code numbers with up to four digits , which are sequentially assigned in accordance with the official order of the cantons , districts , and municipalities .
Wagoner County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Three years later , in South Africa during the Second Boer War , Baden-Powell was besieged in the small town of Mafeking by a much larger Boer army -LRB- the Siege of Mafeking -RRB- .
In 1998 , he was ranked number 76 on The Hockey News list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players .
Maldonado secured a full-time drive in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series with Draco Racing in 2006 .
Tamamo-no-Mae 's legend forms the basis of both the noh drama Sessho-seki -LRB- `` The Killing Stone '' -RRB- and the kabuki play Tamamo-no-Mae -LRB- or The Beautiful Fox Witch -RRB- .
The New York Times wrote that Cuba had `` probably suffered the greatest material disaster in all its history '' .
Alfred Harmsworth sold the newspaper to his brother Harold Harmsworth -LRB- from 1914 Lord Rothermere -RRB- in 1913 .
Ten years after leaving office , in January 1983 , Agnew paid the state of Maryland nearly $ 270,000 as a result of a civil suit that stemmed from the bribery allegations .
It defeated Ash 's Staravia and Chimchar , but was knocked out along with Ash 's Buizel , resulting in a tie .
Others , such as wallabies and kangaroos -LRB- macropods , 8 species -RRB- , are active in the cooler parts of the day and are easier to see .
The flavor company may also employ application specialists who work to ensure the flavor will work in the application for which it is intended . This may require special flavor delivery technologies that are used to protect the flavor during processing or cooking so that the flavor is only released when eaten by the end consumer .
The name literally means up land , a name which is commonly encountered in especially older English literature .
In 1912 , he joined the Quebec Bulldogs , then in the National Hockey Association -LRB- NHA -RRB- .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Portland Trail Blazers .
Tarvos , or Saturn XXI , is a prograde irregular satellite of Saturn .
The Adelaide Football Club -LRB- nicknamed The Crows -RRB- is an Australian rules football club playing in the Australian Football League , based in Adelaide , South Australia .
Brdar kept the documents until 2001 , when he transferred them to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum , with the help of SFOR and the government of Republika Srpska .
Examples of biennial plants are parsley , Lunaria , silverbeet , Sweet William , colic weed , and carrot .
Mendeleev is thought to be the youngest of either 11 , 13 , 14 or 17 siblings ; the exact number differs among sources .
Vulcan also had a temple on the Campus Martius , which was in existence by 214 BC .
In 1914 he returned to the Reichstag .
Usucha , or thin tea , is prepared with approximately 1.75 grams -LRB- amounting to 1.5 heaping chashaku scoop , or about half a teaspoon i.e. level teaspoon -RRB- of matcha and approximately 75 ml -LRB- 2.5 oz -RRB- of hot water per serving , which can be whisked to produce froth or not , according to the drinker 's preference -LRB- or to the traditions of the particular school of tea -RRB- .
Thus , noon is associated with heaven , order and life .
Page-dependent magic words will affect or return data about the current page , even if the word is added through a transcluded template or included system message .
The President of Romania is the head of state of Romania .
Berck , sometimes referred to as Berck-sur-Mer , is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
The SI unit of electric potential is the volt -LRB- in honor of Alessandro Volta -RRB- , which is why electric potential is also known as voltage .
It has the best SAT scores of any school in the area .
Significant and benevolent or charitable impact on the art and industry of animation .
Cardiac muscle is similar to skeletal muscle in both composition and action , being made up of myofibrils of sarcomeres , but anatomically different in that the muscle fibers are typically branched like a tree and connect to other cardiac muscle fibers through intercalcated discs , and form the appearance of a syncytium .
From September 4 , 1995 , the Mall became a venue for live television for the first time .
The railway continued to be an important employer in the Town until its abandonment in 1988 , although its economic significance declined gradually throughout the twentieth century .
In 1963 , author Gore Vidal wrote a piece on the Tarzan series that , while pointing out several of the deficiencies that the Tarzan books have as works of literature , praises Edgar Rice Burroughs for creating a compelling `` daydream figure '' .
Featuring lyrics written by frontman Chris Cornell and music written by guitarist Kim Thayil , `` Hunted Down '' was released in June 1987 as the band 's first single .
The European powers had control of other parts of Asia by the 1900s , such as British India , French Indochina and Portuguese Macau and Goa .
Bash at the Beach was a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- .
It can be seen at St Stephen 's Vienna , Sainte Chapelle in Paris , at the Cathedrals of Limoges and Rouen in France , and at Milan Cathedral in Italy .
Eventually Arbaete was dropped and it has been called Asmara , though there is still a zone called Arbaete Asmara .
According to the organization Human Rights in China , Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp .
Today , Tulip festivals are held around the world , including in The Netherlands , Spalding , England . Every spring , there are several tulip festivals in North America , including the Tulip Time Festival in Holland , Michigan , the Skagit Valley Tulip Festival in Skagit Valley , Washington , the Tulip Time Festival in Orange City and Pella , Iowa , and the Canadian Tulip Festival in Ottawa , Canada .
Anne was born on 12 December 1574 at the castle of Skanderborg , on the Jutland Peninsula in the Kingdom of Denmark .
Today , 14 undergraduates from the Choir of King 's College , Cambridge , sing the men 's parts .
A new center of circulation began forming later on July 4 , over the Gulf of Mexico , to the north of the original center .
This can stand alone , though newcomers to the series will race back to the first two volumes and eagerly await a fourth installment . ''
They had one daughter , Pascale , born in 1932 .
Alexander invited all the chieftains of the former satrapy of Gandhara to come to him and submit to his authority .
Ballmer joined Microsoft on June 11 , 1980 , and became Microsoft 's 30th employee , the first business manager hired by Gates . Ballmer loved working at Microsoft .
However , many cryptanalysts believe that once implementation considerations are taken into account the XSL attack would be more expensive than a brute force attack .
She later explained that `` what hurt at Binghamton was that while I was trying to stand up for us being treated the same as men , the other girls held the tournament draw without me .
When a muscle atrophies , this leads to muscle weakness , since the ability to exert force is related to mass. .
In early August , Morphy wrote asking Staunton when the match could occur , and Staunton asked again for a delay of some weeks .
The order is subdivided in three families : the Psittacidae -LRB- ` true ' parrots -RRB- , the Cacatuidae -LRB- cockatoos -RRB- and the Strigopidae -LRB- New Zealand parrots -RRB- .
His mother thought it would be better for him if he played as a goalkeeper , since he would not sweat and the possibility of him getting injured was less likely .
Grand Canyon West Airport is ...
Wachtebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
The gossip was fueled by ardent , yet by all accounts innocent , letters written to Rasputin by the Tsarina and the four grand duchesses which were released by Rasputin and which circulated throughout society .
A test tunnel from Tottenham to Manor House under Seven Sisters Road had been constructed in 1959 and this was later integrated into the running tunnels .
Today the town has many groups coming to enjoy the simple peace of St. Francis .
In their two seasons , Seattle has sold out every league match , set MLS records for average attendance , and led the league in season ticket sales .
The Gentleman 's Magazine was launched in 1731 and soon became the most influential and most imitated periodical of its time .
Digital signatures can also provide non-repudiation , meaning that the signer can not successfully claim they did not sign a message , while also claiming their private key remains secret ; further , some non-repudiation schemes offer a time stamp for the digital signature , so that even if the private key is exposed , the signature is valid nonetheless .
Recorded and released in 1971 , the album tended toward songs that were gentler , more commercial and less avant-garde than those on his critically acclaimed previous album , John Lennon\/Plastic Ono Band .
Marshfield Dreams : When I Was a Kid is a memoir written by the American writer , poet and educational consultant Ralph Fletcher , it covers his life from birth to age thirteen when his family moved from Marshfield , Massachusetts to Chicago .
Hideki Nagai -LRB- born 26 January 1971 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Beaupuy is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in south-western France .
The song is the opening track on The Beatles ' September 1969 album Abbey Road .
He was the General Secretary of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party -LRB- PSOE -RRB- from 1974 to 1997 .
Numerous fragments of his thirty-seven volume treatise On Nature have been found among the charred papyrus fragments at the Villa of the Papyri at Herculaneum .
Bands located 80 k to 150 k from a cyclone 's center migrate outward .
East Pakistan suffered a genocide of its Bengali population .
Over one hundred letters addressed to Cassandra from Jane have survived .
Space Invaders , Space Invaders Part II and Return of the Invaders are included in Taito Legends , a compilation of Taito 's classic arcade games released in 2005 on the PlayStation 2 , Xbox , and PC .
Moving a distracting tag-box can vastly improve the readability for readers , who might otherwise become alarmed and distracted by a 2-year-old gripe box someone threw on the page , unopposed , years ago , giving the impression that the tag-box must be read to avoid critically dangerous information in an article .
John Hagee is the chief executive officer -LRB- CEO -RRB- of his non-profit corporation , Global Evangelism Television -LRB- GETV -RRB- .
The game also features co-operative play -LRB- co-op -RRB- which allows players to complete the story based single player mode together .
Edward was created Prince of Wales in June 1471 , following Edward IV 's restoration to the throne , and in 1473 was established at Ludlow Castle on the Welsh Marches as nominal president of a newly-created Council of Wales and the Marches .
The Captain is forced to convene an immediate court-martial , and the officers find Billy guilty and sentence him to hang .
By 2005 , some experts maintained that the dangers of ActiveX have been overstated and there were safeguards in place .
PDF is most commonly used to refer to a type of Portable Document Format in computing .
An old man , George Bernard Shaw , was swimming naked holding onto a buoy .
The county administration is in Oslo , which is not part of the county per se .
Yoghurt , yogurt or yogourt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
Lele soon falls in love with Alice and at the end of the season 2 Lele and Alice get married .
Albatrosses lay a single subelliptical egg , white with reddish brown spots , in a breeding season ; if the egg is lost to predators or accidentally broken , then no further breeding attempts are made that year .
It has also `` been found to improve the yield from grapevines if planted along the rows , particularly if the terrain is rocky or sandy , and the soil is not as easy to work as it might be . ''
Its diet consists primarily of seeds , other plant material and invertebrates .
Harnett County is a member of the regional Mid-Carolina Council of Governments .
Later that day , it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Darby , and was upgraded to a hurricane on July 28 .
Of note in this season is an unusual spree of very intense storms .
Bermicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Its first members included Joseph Conrad , Elizabeth Craig , George Bernard Shaw , and H.G. Wells .
Twenty-three tornadoes were reported in association with Alicia . Fourteen of those were located in the Galveston and Hobby Airport area .
Approximately one-fifth of Pakistan 's total land area was underwater , approximately 796,095 k. According to Pakistani government data the floods directly affected about 20 million people , mostly by destruction of property , livelihood and infrastructure , with a death toll of close to 2,000 .
`` If we succeed in establishing the text of -LRB- the archetype -RRB- , the constitutio -LRB- reconstruction of the original -RRB- is considerably advanced .
Characters are sometimes added to emoticons to convey a anime or manga-styled sweat drop , for example : ^ _ ^ ' or ! -RRB-
Werdau is a town in Germany , part of the Landkreis Zwickau in the administrative region of Chemnitz , the Free State of Saxony .
There has been a recent growth in online publications and blogs .
Rather , a good S-box will have the property that changing one input bit will change about half of the output bits -LRB- or an avalanche effect -RRB- .
Silicon Valley is also home to the high-tech superstore retail chain Fry 's Electronics .
Service routes were now Hackney to Wandsworth or Tooting , Leyton to Westminster , Highbury to Waterloo or Norbury and Archway to Kennington .
Maturation may occur in the mollusc or vertebrate host .
The Western United States , commonly referred to as the American West or simply `` the West , '' traditionally refers to the region comprising the westernmost states of the United States .
May I suggest the beginning of a solution ?
In 1970 , a system with four lines was laid out and planned as part of the British consultants ' new report , Hong Kong Mass Transit : Further Studies .
The band 's lineup was completed when Will Champion joined to take up percussion duties .
Lee Min-Sung -LRB- born 23 June 1973 -RRB- is a former South Korean football player and coach who currently works for Yongin City FC .
In earlier episodes , Yeardley Smith did many of Maggie 's squeaks , cries , laughs and occasional speaking parts , although in the later seasons her parts are done by Nancy Cartwright .
On the door was transcribed the secret formula for producing gold discovery in those years in alchemical laboratory of queen Christina .
Perdita 's discovery was complicated .
Structural engineering has existed since humans first started to construct their own structures .
With only one official tropical cyclone , the 1914 season was the least active Atlantic hurricane season on record .
FitzGerald hoped that he would take over as Minister for Finance , particularly after a good performance in a pre-election debate with the actual Minister for Finance , George Colley .
Roux 's investigations were performed mainly on frogs ' eggs to research the earliest structures in amphibian development .
Courbet was allowed to pay the fine in yearly installments of 10,000 francs for the next 33 years , until his 91st birthday .
This name is used to distinguish it from Rostov on Don , which is now a much larger city .
In the late 20th and early 21st century , many objects similar to Pluto were discovered in the outer Solar System , notably the scattered disc object Eris in 2005 , which is 27 % more massive than Pluto .
After the Slovaks issued their Declaration of Independence , he resigned as president on 20 July , saying he would not preside over the country 's breakup .
London City Airport DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway which serves the London City Airport . It opened on 2 December 2005 .
The purpose of the conference was to inform administrative leaders of Departments responsible for various policies relating to Jews , that Reinhard Heydrich had been appointed as the chief executor of the `` Final solution to the Jewish question '' .
This 8 bar section was later used by Schubert as theme for a set of variations forming the second movement of the Wanderer Fantasy .
This template makes the font smaller .
Didius Julianus however offered 25,000 to each soldier to win the auction and was proclaimed Emperor by the Roman Senate on 28 March .
He was selected by the Blackhawks with the third overall pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft .
The key schedule , however , is more complex , expanding the key using an essentially one-way function with the binary expansions of both e and the golden ratio as sources of `` nothing up my sleeve numbers '' .
She joined the Heritage Society at Oxford University and sang with a group called Mistral .
On 1 October 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the Grameen Bank -LRB- Village Bank -RRB- to make loans to poor Bangladeshis .
The Blue Camp , a pun on Barcelona 's Nou Camp , found little favor .
In the first Immunity Challenge , the younger Ulong struggled as Jolanda insisted to take everything in the supply dump , leaving the elderly Koror -LRB- who only took the flint -RRB- with the lead and eventually win the challenge .
In Wales , the counties of Merioneth and Glamorgan are occasionally referred to with the `` shire '' suffix .
Skype is a secure communication ; encryption can not be disabled , and is invisible to the user . Skype reportedly uses non-proprietary , widely trusted encryption techniques : RSA for key negotiation and the Advanced Encryption Standard to encrypt conversations .
If you continue to do so , you will be blocked from editing .
They tended to sympathies with Union during the civil war .
It suggests that consciousness can be considered separately from the brain , which provides a basis for claims of reincarnation .
At the time the structure was named the Albany Bridge .
Timberlake made a cameo in the video for Nelly Furtado and Timbaland 's single `` Promiscuous '' , released on May 3 , 2006 .
Las Vegas was established as a railroad town on May 15 , 1905 , when 110 acres -LRB- 44.5 ha -RRB- owned by the San Pedro , Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad , was auctioned off in what is now downtown Las Vegas .
The Chinese later occupied Outer Mongolia and Tuva and sent a battalion to the North Russian Campaign as part of their anti-Bolshevik efforts .
Villette-sur-Ain is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Oklahoma Technology and Research Park , a joint initiative of the City of Stillwater , Meridian Technology Center and Oklahoma State University , is located in Stillwater .
The few sources that provide insight into this period often conflict .
If a subcategory is selected and templates are being grouped into , the subcategory is ignored as only supports the standard template .
However , the former Prime Minister goes to his office three days a week .
Castorimorpha is the suborder of rodents containing the beavers , the pocket gophers , and the kangaroo rats and mice .
Friedrich Ebert -LRB- 4 February 1871 - 28 February 1925 -RRB- was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- SPD -RRB- .
A few laugh and taunt him .
Soldotna is located on the banks of the Kenai River on the Kenai Peninsula of Alaska . It is named after nearby Soldotna Creek .
In early 1506 , he returned to Venice and stayed there until the spring of 1507 .
To request review of this BRFA , please start a new section at .
Biden was also a long-time member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .
Queen Sophie was a loving mother , nursing her children personally during their illnesses .
No progress has been observed in the POP4 specification since 2003 .
Ekimyan was also a General of Soviet militsia -LRB- police -RRB- and was the head of Criminal Investigation Department of Moscow region .
Serial numbers are often used in network protocols .
Ltd. , these comprised six different types , all the same size , being 39 f long , 6 f wide , -LRB- 7 f over steps -RRB- and 8 f high -- large by narrow gauge standards -- and certainly superior to any previous British narrow gauge stock .
Australian spelling generally follows conventions of British English .
Sometimes , they were reduced to echoing a form from the great sculptures : thus one finds numerous copies in miniature of the Tyche -LRB- good luck -RRB- of Antioch , of which the original dates to the beginning of the 3rd century BC .
Compared with red miso , white miso has a very short brewing time .
In 1944 , he was also commissioned by Yehudi Menuhin to write a Sonata for Solo Violin .
It takes its name from the street it was built on which , in itself , had a remarkable history .
These cause a twisting motion which allows the spirochaete to move about .
Their sound draws on several musical genres , including pop , alternative rock , indie rock , and folk .
When Lady Byng died in 1949 the NHL presented another trophy and changed the official name to the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy .
Brands , Inc. , it specializes in Mexican-style food .
There were further plans for expansion which would have taken the stadium 's capacity to 45,000 , but these were put on hold following City 's relegation from the Premier League in 1996 .
Xena : Warrior Princess is an American supernatural fantasy adventure series that aired in syndication from September 4 , 1995 until June 18 , 2001 .
He and William Dawes were instructed by Dr. Joseph Warren to ride from Boston to Lexington to warn John Hancock and Samuel Adams of the movements of the British Army , which was beginning a march from Boston to Lexington , ostensibly to arrest Hancock and Adams and seize the weapons stores in Concord .
In the Action Set configuration of the NES in the late 1980s , Duck Hunt was included with Super Mario Bros. .
Upon the death of a Knight , the banner , helm , mantling and crest are taken down .
A small airport -LRB- Bondangora Airport -RRB- for private planes exists twelve kilometres east of Wellington .
It was first printed in 1712 in the Georgian capital Tbilisi .
Ludwigsstadt is a municipality in the district of Kronach , in Bavaria , Germany .
In 1485 , by the Leipziger division , the brothers split the Wettin possessions , with Ernest receiving northern Meissen , southern Thuringia , and Wittenberg , and Albert receiving northern Thuringia and southern Meissen .
On October 29 , Baseball America named Mauer its 2009 Major League Player of the Year .
Karolina Bock was married twice .
Neuve-Maison is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The term Fatimite is sometimes used to refer to the citizens of this caliphate .
An article notes at the release of Internet Explorer 7 in October 2006 that `` IE6 had the lion 's share of the browser market with 77.22 % .
Since opposite ends of magnets are attracted , the north pole of a magnet is attracted to the south pole of another magnet .
Hair straightening is a hair styling technique which involves the flattening and straightening of hair in order to give it a smooth , streamlined , and ` sleek ' appearance .
The CHED was established on May 18 , 1994 through Republic Act No. 7722 or the Higher Education Act of 1994 which was authored by Senator Francisco Tatad .
It is situated on the river Zwickauer Mulde , 14 km southeast of Zwickau .
The average passing percentage for the HKCEE and HKALE is above 90 % .
Haute-Avesnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Editors are therefore encouraged to upload their own images , releasing them under the GFDL , CC-BY-SA , or other free licenses .
The airport owes its prosperity to its location on the Great Circle Route , or major air corridor , between Europe and the East Coast of the United States .
He later won the OVW Heavyweight Championship from `` The Machine '' Doug Basham before losing the belt to The Prototype -LRB- John Cena -RRB- .
These surveys , collectively referred to as the Kitava Study , found that this population apparently did not suffer from stroke , ischemic heart disease , diabetes , obesity or hypertension .
However , due to anti-English sentiment during the War of 1812 , the name was changed to Huntsville to honor John Hunt , who had been forced to move to other land south of the new city .
Masahiro Okamoto is a Japanese football player currently playing for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
The enteric nervous system is sometimes considered part of the autonomic nervous system , and sometimes considered an independent system .
The River Irwell is a 39 m long river which flows through the Irwell Valley in the counties of Lancashire and Greater Manchester in North West England .
Channing is best remembered for originating , on Broadway , the musical-comedy roles of bombshell Lorelei Lee in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes , and matchmaking widow Dolly Gallagher Levi in Hello , Dolly !
The continent of Gondwana was named by Austrian scientist , Eduard Suess , after the Gondwana region of central northern India -LRB- from Sanskrit gondavana `` forest of the Gonds '' -RRB- , from which the Gondwana sedimentary sequences -LRB- Permian-Triassic -RRB- are also described .
Chacrise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It can be found in mangrove ecosystems and mudflats of East Africa and Madagascar east through the Sundarbans of Bengal , South East Asia to Northern Australia , southeast China and southern Japan , up to Samoa and Tonga Islands .
Depending on how cold the surrounding environment , a snowball might require much longer to melt , even years longer in permafrost conditions .
For energy-conversion heating devices their peak steady-state thermal efficiency is often stated , e.g. , ` this furnace is 90 % efficient ' , but a more detailed measure of seasonal energy effectiveness is the Annual Fuel Utilization Efficiency -LRB- AFUE -RRB- .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
The family was placed in the Rosid clade , but not classified in an order , by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group -LRB- APG -RRB- .
A V10 engine is a V engine with 10 cylinders in two banks of five with a distinct exhaust note .
The Kansas City Spurs were a soccer team who played in the North American Soccer League , based in Kansas City , Missouri .
Berry is a city in Harrison County , Kentucky , United States .
After taking a belly to back suplex from Saito , Misawa lost consciousness and was taken to a hospital .
Within `` D '' Department , Young delivered all the Home Secretary had hoped for , a success that only alienated the hierarchy even further .
\/ \/ one easy way is to flag them with a character which should never be used , \/ \/ but if it is already present we have a problem , so let 's just quit .
Taylor was a member of the Dawn and Dusk Club , an association of bohemians and intellectuals that included the writer Henry Lawson .
Other less commonly seen mammals include the mountain lion and wolverine .
According to Weidemann , Cornelius described the tune as a `` Viennese folk tune '' .
The storm made landfall in southwestern Florida at maximum strength , thus making it the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Hurricane Andrew struck Florida twelve years before , in 1992 .
References to pug-like dogs have been documented as early as 551 BCE by Confucius , who described a type of `` short mouthed dog '' .
The item it adores collecting the most , however , are coins , since they are both round and shiny .
Four TV broadcast-based manga series exist to date with two new ones coming in the future .
These interactions are often neglected if the spatial overlap of the electron wavefunctions is low .
Finally , fast local hard disk can also cache information held on even slower data storage devices , such as remote servers -LRB- web cache -RRB- or local tape drives or optical jukeboxes .
The couple separated in 1970 .
The decision ended Sompote 's bid to continue his enterprise , and the court gave Sompote 30 days to stop profiteering from Ultraman .
His younger sister , Cory , is worried about him because he started acting differently .
Jell-O is a brand name belonging to U.S.-based Kraft Foods for a number of gelatin desserts , including fruit gels , puddings and no-bake cream pies .
Resilience is the property of a material to absorb energy when it is deformed elastically and then , upon unloading to have this energy recovered .
Pioneering scholarly works on the Viking Age began to reach a small readership in Britain .
Blackcurrant -LRB- Ribes nigrum -RRB- is a species of Ribes berry native to central and northern Europe and northern Asia , and is a perennial .
Although it is now difficult to be certain , the scales , claws , some protective armor and the beaks of dinosaurs were probably composed of keratin .
During these one thousand and one nights , the King had fallen in love with Scheherazade , and had three sons with her .
The Dominican Republic is a country with many mountains , and the highest peaks of the West Indies are found here .
In some systems , however , multiple layers of encryption are used , in which case the output of one encryption algorithm becomes plaintext input for the next .
They become pathological or piles when swollen or inflamed .
There was a significant portion of the ANC who therefore turned to violence in order to achieve their goals .
William A. `` Billy '' Cundiff -LRB- born March 30 , 1980 in Valley Center , California -RRB- is an American football placekicker for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
This directly ascribes ` Perys Ploughman ' to one ` Willielmi de Langlond ' , son of ` Stacy de Rokayle , who died in Shipton-under-Wichwood , a tenant of the Lord Spenser in the county of Oxfordshire ' .
After the second World War Bad Aibling evolved into a major center for intelligence organizations and secret services .
The annual World Professional Dancesport Championship is often held in Blackpool -LRB- 4 times between 1989 and 2005 -RRB- , but is not connected with the Dance Festival .
Geneva is home to the University of Geneva , founded by John Calvin in 1559 .
Slidell is a city situated on the northeast shore of Lake Pontchartrain in St. Tammany Parish , Louisiana , United States .
The European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo , EULEX Kosovo , is a deployment of European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- police and civilian resources to Kosovo .
On April 13 , 2008 , James , along with Layla , Melina and Kelly Kelly , appeared in an episode of Celebrity Fit Club Boot Camp .
Masahiko Kimura was a Japanese judoka -LRB- Judo practitioner -RRB- who is widely considered one of the greatest judoka of all time .
The Kea is one of the few alpine parrots in the world .
The sketch depicted a middle-aged bald man with an arrow on his head .
I do n't know why it was silver , it just sounded better than Maxwell 's hammer .
Jules Jean Baptiste Vincent Bordet -LRB- 13 June 1870 -- 6 April 1961 -RRB- was a Belgian immunologist and microbiologist .
Musicians such as Stevie Ray Vaughan contributed by using various types of guitar sounds like southern slide guitar and different melodies of blues and jazz .
Originally he was a mathematics professor , teaching at the University of Lausanne .
Westminster is an area of central London , within the City of Westminster , England .
Inspired by Richmond Palace , he also included a recreation center with a bowling green , tennis courts , a pit for cock fighting -LRB- now the site of the Cabinet Office , 70 Whitehall -RRB- and a tiltyard for jousting .
In his paper Observations of two persistent degrees on a thermometer , he recounted his experiments showing that the melting point of ice is essentially unaffected by pressure .
Specialized also allows more prefixes and suffixes , which has allowed some words to be removed from the core list .
Union and Confederate units fought a battle at Columbus , Georgia before the April 16 , 1865 surrender and a small final battle at Palmito Ranch , Texas on May 12 , 1865 . In areas more distant from the main theaters of operations , Confederate forces in Alabama and Mississippi under Lieutenant General Richard Taylor , in Arkansas under Brigadier General M. Jeff Thompson , in Louisiana and Texas under General E. Kirby Smith and in Indian Territory under Brigadier General Stand Watie surrendered on May 4 , 1865 , May 12 , 1865 , May 26 , 1865 -LRB- officially June 2 , 1865 -RRB- and June 28 , 1865 , respectively .
-LRB- The basset horn also often sounds an octave and a fifth lower . -RRB-
There also seems to have been widespread migration of the Aramaeans - possibly from the South-East .
It launched 100 k of ash into the upper atmosphere , which caused 1816 to be the `` year without a summer '' .
Other technical changes that are important to the entire mediawiki software or changes to article space will always be more important than keeping the userspace top icons working .
Hand-drawn , local tattoo flash was largely replaced by professional `` flash artists '' who produced prints of copyrighted flash and sold them at conventions or through the Internet . By the turn of the new century -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , most tattoo studios have become custom shops with the flash serving as more of a reference for ideas .
Abstract things are sometimes defined as those things that do not exist in reality or exist only as sensory experiences , like the color red .
In November 1969 -LRB- until 1970 -RRB- Young was seconded to be the last Inspector-General and the first Chief Constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary .
A Google spokesperson explains , `` This is just a test , and a way for us to gauge whether our users will like an even simpler search interface . ''
He ruled from 1377 until he was deposed in 1399 .
Vaccines do not guarantee complete protection from a disease .
Thus , in later versions of the story the ram is said to have been the offspring of the sea god Poseidon and Themisto -LRB- less often , Nephele or Theophane -RRB- .
In eastern Africa , the valley divides into two , the Western Rift Valley and the Eastern Rift Valley .
He was re-elected in 1869 and held the office until March 3 , 1875 , serving in the 38th , 39th , 40th , 41st , 42nd , and 43rd congresses .
The tower was constructed by South Korean company , Samsung Engineering & Construction , which also did work on the Petronas Twin Towers and Taipei 101 .
Chamoson is a municipality in the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Balukas was not just talented at pool but was an all-around good athlete .
The founding constituents of Ambrosia were reared in Southern California in the area known as The South Bay , later adopting San Pedro as their hometown .
A famous 17th-century painting by Peter Paul Rubens depicts the proxy marriage of Marie de Medici .
There are no set methods for ranking institutions in the Philippines . Aside from comparisons in terms of accreditation , autonomy , and centers of excellence awarded by the Commission on Higher Education -LRB- CHED -RRB- , there are attempts to rank schools based on performance in board exams conducted by the Professional Regulation Commission -LRB- PRC -RRB- .
Under Mac OS X 10.1 , a PowerPC G3 processor , 128 MB of RAM , and 25 MB of free space is required .
His power is evident from the beginning of the series ; specifically , Harry shows immediate command of a broomstick , produces a Patronus at an early age , and survives several confrontations with Voldemort .
The concept of `` art rock '' has also sometimes been used to refer to the `` progressive rock '' bands which became popular in the 1970s . Allmusic states that `` Progressive rock and art rock are two almost interchangeable terms describing a mostly British attempt to elevate rock music to new levels of artistic credibility . ''
Leonardo was a contemporary of Botticelli , Domenico Ghirlandaio and Perugino , who were all slightly older than he was .
Although she is best known for science fiction and fantasy , the only unusual element of this novel is that it takes place in the imaginary Central European country of Orsinia , which is also the setting of her collection Orsinian Tales .
In basketball , tube socks are worn , and in lacrosse , mid-calf socks are required . In football , knee socks are used .
Currently , besides his political activism , Khan is also a philanthropist and cricket commentator .
Burrows can also range in complexity from a simple tube a few centimeters long to a complex network of interconnecting tunnels and chambers hundreds or thousands of meters in total length , such as a well-developed rabbit warren .
The name Yehudi means ` Jew ' in Hebrew .
The Labor Party is a centre-left democratic socialist political party in the United Kingdom .
It was discovered by the German astronomer Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers on March 29 , 1807 , and named after the Roman virgin goddess of home and hearth , Vesta .
The Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye , was signed on 10 September 1919 by the victorious Allies of World War I on the one hand and by the new Republic of Austria on the other .
Magnesium is the 11th most abundant element by mass in the human body ; its ions are essential to all living cells , where they play a major role in manipulating important biological polyphosphate compounds like ATP , DNA , and RNA .
Although hypertrophy and hyperplasia are two distinct processes , they frequently occur together , such as in the case of the hormonally-induced proliferation and enlargement of the cells of the uterus during pregnancy .
Similar to the Medieval recorders , and unlike the Baroque style recorders typically used today , Renaissance recorders have a wide , more or less cylindrical bore . They have powerful low notes -LRB- much more so than the Baroque recorders -RRB- .
Mumia Abu-Jamal -LRB- born Wesley Cook on April 24 , 1954 -RRB- is an American who was found guilty of and sentenced to death for the December 9 , 1981 murder of Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner .
Josquin des Prez , for example , himself set more than one version of the Ave Maria .
The Mississippi River from the confluence of the Ohio River to its mouth at the Gulf of Mexico is called the Lower Mississippi River .
One day , when the pianist failed to arrive by show time , Basie took his place .
The trustees raised his salary to $ 800 with an additional $ 100 to serve as the college 's librarian , a post which required one hour of work per day .
Dango are eaten year-round , but the different varieties are traditionally eaten in given seasons .
Troma Films , under their 50th St. Films banner , distributed the dub of the film co-produced by Jerry Beck .
Tectonic studies are also important for understanding erosion patterns in geomorphology and as guides for the economic geologist searching for petroleum and metallic ores .
SeaMonkey consists of a web browser -LRB- SeaMonkey Navigator -RRB- , which is a descendant of the Netscape family , an e-mail and news client program -LRB- SeaMonkey Mail & Newsgroups , which shares code with Mozilla Thunderbird -RRB- , an HTML editor -LRB- SeaMonkey Composer -RRB- and an IRC client -LRB- ChatZilla -RRB- .
Washington Luiz Pereira dos Santos -LRB- born 10 April 1975 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The expansion of copyright and copyright term are mirrored in the rhetoric that has been employed in referring to copyright .
Juan Luis Mora Palacios -LRB- born July 12 , 1973 in Aranjuez , Community of Madrid -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
The name amphetamine is derived from its chemical name alpha-methylphenethylamine .
Conservator of Special Collections for the MIT Libraries .
Cooper employs 13,311 employees .
Newgrounds is an American entertainment and social media website .
deposed in Second Schleswig War and resigned by Treaty of Vienna .
The Tale of Peter Rabbit is a children 's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter that follows mischievous and disobedient young Peter Rabbit as he is chased about the garden of Mr. McGregor .
However , if the attacker was a noble , safely ensconced in a castle -LRB- as was often the case -RRB- , the town commune could not muster the forces to attack him directly .
A nationwide census , known as Census 2001 , was conducted in the United Kingdom on Sunday , 29 April 2001 .
M \* A \* S \* H is an American television series developed by Larry Gelbart , adapted from the 1970 feature film MASH -LRB- which was itself based on the 1968 novel MASH : A Novel About Three Army Doctors , by Richard Hooker -RRB- .
Yasuhiro Kamata -LRB- born 11 June 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The center of population of Rhode Island is located in Cranston .
The luminosity has increased in a nearly linear fashion to the present , increasing by 1 % every 110 million years .
Their huts are circular with conical thatched roofs , and fairly broad verandas all round .
The sauce using egg yolks and butter appeared in the 19th century .
It was more than a billion dollars in debt at the time , and losing 250 million dollars a year .
As an aid to template users , certain checks are made to verify that the necessary parameters have been entered .
The first three Iowa Great Places -LRB- Coon Rapids , Clinton and Sioux City -RRB- were each awarded $ 1 million in seed money by the Iowa legislature . In September 2007 , Coon Rapids was also awarded a $ 1.7 million Vision Iowa grant .
Following the 1966 season , Switzer moved to the University of Oklahoma as an assistant coach under new Head Coach and good friend Jim Mackenzie .
In Boccaccio 's Decameron a memorably morbid tale -LRB- novella V -RRB- tells of Lisabetta , whose brothers slay her lover .
Charmoille is a village and a former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Furthermore , these bodies may expand -LRB- by insertion of additional lipids -RRB- , and under excessive expansion may undergo spontaneous splitting which preserves the same size and composition of lipids in the two progenies .
There are approximately 15 subspecies with differing geographical distributions .
A tiny fishing town until 1958 , Nouakchott was mentioned little during pre-colonial and colonial history .
Following the death of Schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the Amadeus Quartet disbanded .
However , this is an encyclopedia and the articles are intended to be serious , so please do n't make joke edits .
Its capital is Chiba City .
Simon Woolley of Operation Black Vote has said the 2008 Mayoral campaign has seen the media pursue a `` wholly disproportionate '' focus on Jasper , Doreen Lawrence -LRB- Livingstone supporter and mother of Stephen Lawrence -RRB- , and others .
The racial makeup of the city was 51.12 % White , 0.58 % African American , 0.94 % Native American , 0.94 % Asian , 0.11 % Pacific Islander , 43.27 % from other races , and 3.03 % from two or more races .
Girolamo Savonarola -LRB- Ferrara , 21 September 1452 -- 23 May 1498 , Florence -RRB- was an Italian Dominican friar and an influential contributor to the politics of Florence from 1494 until his execution in 1498 .
At the age of thirteen he enrolled at the University of Basel , and in 1723 , received his Master of Philosophy with a dissertation that compared the philosophies of Descartes and Newton .
After the qualifying session for the British Grand Prix Mario Theissen announced that the team had decided to halt further development KERS ; of which BMW had been one of the strongest proponents , and focus instead on improving the car 's aerodynamics .
Bayne began racing go-karts at the age of five .
Beaufort County is a member of the Mid-East Commission regional council of governments .
The text inside the floating-table is sized by style = `` font-size :86 % '' -LRB- similar in size to the regular image captions -RRB- .
It is part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , Ascension and Tristan da Cunha which also includes Ascension Island and the islands of Tristan da Cunha .
The group comprised Ben Folds -LRB- vocals , piano , and principal songwriting -RRB- , Robert Sledge -LRB- bass guitar and backing vocals -RRB- , and Darren Jessee -LRB- drums , backing vocals and co-writer for some songs -RRB- .
The early period of Marathi theater was dominated by playwrights like Kolhatkar , Khadilkar , Deval , Gadkari and Kirloskar who enriched the Marathi theater for about half a century with excellent musical plays known as Sangeet Naatak .
Armenia gave way to communist power in late 1920 .
In 1872 , Pulitzer purchased a share in the Westliche Post for $ 3,000 , and then sold his stake in the paper for a profit in 1873 .
The city is commonly referred to as Capital Federal , or simply BSB .
The only inhabited island is Willis Island .
Abbeville is a city in Henry County , Alabama , United States .
As an administrator you can still view it .
Gia earned $ 50 for a partial day 's work .
Although written as an apparently verbatim account , the book is not a report of what was actually said at the trial , but instead a reflection on what happened .
The National Trust for Historic Preservation named Huntsville to its `` America 's Dozen Distinctive Destinations for 2010 '' list .
Slipknot considered including a DJ in their lineup , but had difficulty finding one because `` the people -LRB- they -RRB- knew who were DJs all sucked ! ''
This template is only intended for sources that are used many , many times in the same article , to such an extent that normal citation would produce a useless line in or too many individual ones .
A page-turner is often necessary for musicians who are playing complex pieces and prefer not to play from memory .
Maloy is a city in Ringgold County , Iowa , United States , along the Platte River .
This tree grows on the slopes of the Andes , mainly in Peru .
At the age of fifteen , Mary was betrothed to her cousin the Protestant Stadtholder of Holland , William of Orange .
Schneier and Blaze based MacGuffin on DES , their main change being that the data block is not split into equal halves in the Feistel network . Instead , 48 bits of the 64-bit data block are fed through the round function , whose output is XORed with the other 16 bits of the data block .
Zadar is Silba 's mainland administrative center ; it is part of the Zadar County .
Since June 2007 , the party is headed by Pauline Marois .
The team is managed by Christian Horner , boss of the Arden International GP2 Series team .
Rooibos -LRB- ; Afrikaans for `` red bush '' ; scientific name Aspalathus linearis -RRB- is a broom-like member of the legume family of plants growing in South Africa 's fynbos .
Jazz fans did research and self published discographies about when jazz records were made and what musicians were on the records , as record companies did not commonly include that information on or with the records at that time .
Rangel worked as Tempos main photojournalist , often documenting poverty or Portuguese policies which were perceived as unfair by the publication .
The Dalmatian is a breed of dog whose roots are often said to trace back to Dalmatia , a region of Croatia where the first illustrations of the dog have been found .
Potassium fluoride is prepared by dissolving potassium carbonate in excess hydrofluoric acid .
Like many Frankfurt public sites , it was privately financed and implemented by the architect Heinrich Siesmayer .
It grows to 1.4 m to 2 m tall , with arching , deeply lobed , silvery glaucous-green leaves 50 c - 82 c long .
di '' is an abbreviation for Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft , which means `` United Services Union . ''
-LRB- The color azure is also named after the mineral lapis lazuli . -RRB-
Claggart returns , and tells Vere that Billy poses a threat of mutiny .
It had a seating capacity of 250 people , and was heated by two coal stoves at either end which shared a long , black chimney .
In time Lulu returns with another client , the Negro -LRB- played by the singer who played the Painter , Lulu 's second husband -RRB- .
The processes for encryption and decryption are similar .
A DNA construct may express wildtype protein , prevent the expression of certain genes by expressing competitors or inhibitors , or express mutant proteins , such as deletion mutations or missense mutations .
Mato Grosso do Sul is one of the states of Brazil .
Avesnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Frustrated and bitter , Arnold decided to change sides in 1779 , and opened secret negotiations with the British .
The most famous of these events are the Edinburgh Fringe -LRB- the largest performing arts festival in the world -RRB- , the Edinburgh International Festival , the Edinburgh Military Tattoo , and the Edinburgh International Book Festival .
Shirov is noted for his attacking style and for seeking complications , a tendency which has led to comparisons with fellow Latvian and former world champion , Mikhail Tal , under whom he studied in his youth .
Noel reportedly replied , `` Well , I do n't write shit songs ! '' .
Ellery Avenue in Middletown , Rhode Island is named in his honor .
Carles Puyol i Saforcada -LRB- ; born 13 April 1978 -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spanish national team .
The London Underground 1960 Stock was a small , prototype class of electric multiple unit designed for the London Underground Central Line .
The final part of the cell reproduction process is cell division , when daughter cells physically split apart from a parental cell .
Because of the copyright struggle , importing literature on Ultraman into Singapore and Malaysia was prohibited .
Toxicofera -LRB- Greek for `` those who bear toxins '' -RRB- , is a hypothetical clade which represents about 4600 species -LRB- nearly 60 % -RRB- of extant squamates -LRB- scaled lizards . -RRB-
The islands of the Caribbean Sea , collectively known as the West Indies , are sorted by size and location into the Bahamas -LRB- or Lucayan archipelago , which includes the Turks and Caicos Islands -RRB- , the Lesser Antilles , and the Greater Antilles .
Some websites do not allow typographic quotation marks or apostrophes in posts -LRB- one such example being YouTube -RRB- .
Ecological yield is the harvestable population growth of an ecosystem .
When he was 16-years-old , Davey 's mother left with him to England in 1931 .
With each legion having 5,120 legionaries usually supported by an equal number of auxiliary troops , the total force available to a legion commander during the Pax Romana probably ranged from 11,000 downwards , with the more prestigious legions and those stationed on hostile borders or in restive provinces tending to have more auxiliaries .
Haylie Katherine Duff -LRB- born February 19 , 1985 -RRB- is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
The abridged edition of this book published in 1960 is reviewed in the Istorijski glasnik and the same review echoed in the Historical abstracts .
The Hanseatic city of Greifswald is enclosed by the district , but does not belong to it .
Aida , Amonasro and the captured Ethiopians plead with the Egyptian King for mercy , but the Egyptians call for their death -LRB- Aida , Amneris , Radames , The King , Amonasro , chorus : Che veggo ! . .
It peaked at number 81 on the Pop 100 chart , and number 74 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart .
For other uses of Gisborne see Gisborne -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
An account of his experiences , which included being one of the first foreigners to visit Hiroshima after the atomic bomb was dropped , can be found in the book Warrior without Weapons .
The client authenticates to the AS once using a long-term shared secret -LRB- e.g. a password -RRB- and receives a TGT from the AS .
It was his performances of this role that would earn him the title of `` King of the High Cs '' .
Ann Jillian was born Ann Jura Nauseda in 1950 , although some sources mistakenly cite 1951 .
For use on the various pages on multiple unit trains .
After high school , Carroll attended junior college at the nearby College of Marin , where he played football for two years -LRB- lettering in his second year -RRB- , before transferring to the University of the Pacific , where he was a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity .
The organization received a boost in prestige when President Andrew Jackson invited his Postmaster General , William T. Barry , to sit as a member of the Cabinet in 1829 .
His main preoccupation was how to free Germany from the burden of reparations payments to Britain and France , imposed by the Treaty of Versailles .
It was hit quite badly by the 2005 Pakistan Earthquake .
In subsequent years , international Test cricket has generally been organised as bilateral series : a multilateral Test tournament was not organised again until the quadrangular Asian Test Championship in 1999 .
In the United States , the sawmill was introduced soon after the colonisation of Virginia by recruiting skilled men from Hamburg .
Xanthan gum is a common ingredient in fake blood recipes , and in gunge or slime .
Many mosques throughout the United States welcome non-Muslims as a sign of openness to the rest of the community as well as to encourage conversions to Islam .
The Sims Bustin ' Out is the second title in The Sims console series .
Throughout the Graeco-Roman world , Isis became one of the most significant of the mystery religions , and many classical writers refer to her temples , cults , and rites .
Violaines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Embassy argued that the charge is a form of taxation , not a charge for a service , and diplomats and their staff are therefore exempt under the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations .
A tropical cyclone struck Puerto Rico on July 23 .
A small number of articles might make Wikipedia 1.0 , but the vast majority will not and for the balance there is no deadline .
Wiley 's Well is a remote , natural artesian well in the Colorado Desert of Southern California as well as the name of the region immediately surrounding it .
When including spoilers , editors should make sure that an encyclopedic purpose is being served .
Written by Lewis between 1949 and 1954 , illustrated by Pauline Baynes and originally published in London between October 1950 and March 1956 , The Chronicles of Narnia has been adapted several times , complete or in part , for radio , television , the stage , and film .
In the 1980s a reconstruction of the historic center began .
This order carried the threat of a maximum $ 10,000 fine and a maximum of ten years in prison for anyone who kept more than $ 100 of gold in preference to banknotes .
It was upgraded to a tropical storm later that day and named Hanna .
Many spaniel breeds were developed during the 19th century , and often named after the counties in which they were developed , or after their owners , who were usually nobility . Two strains of larger land spaniel were predominant and were said to have been of `` true springer type . ''
Since the move to the CW Network , Friday Night SmackDown !
During the last ten days of Ramadan , larger mosques will host all-night programs to observe Laylat al-Qadr , the night Muslims believe that Muhammad first received Qur ` anic revelations .
The region takes its name from the Balkan Mountains , which run through the center of Bulgaria into eastern Serbia .
The following table shows some 2 dimensional projections of these polytopes .
For example , you create a -LRB- template -RRB- page in Wikipedia with your home mailing address and then include that template not only on your page , but all your friends ' pages , too .
Later that night , Nick , considered the second strongest member after Terry , was voted out along former tribal lines , 6-4 .
The giant impact hypothesis thus explains the Moon 's abnormal composition .
When South Africa became a republic in 1961 , Pretoria remained its administrative capital .
It 's analogous to bird droppings : it might be beneficial to notice some short-term patterns , such as when cars parked under some trees get bombarded with bird droppings , but it is less useful to record all the millions of bird droppings , everywhere in the world , in a giant database of history listings .
Aside from Tahiti , some other important atolls , islands , and island groups in French Polynesia are : Ahe , Bora Bora , Hiva Oa , Huahine , Maiao , Maupiti , Mehetia , Moorea , Nuku Hiva , Raiatea , Tahaa , Tetiaroa , Tubuai , and Tupai .
Ailly-sur-Noye is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
The season finale including the announcement of the winner and a live reunion of all the season 's contestants at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City , on David Letterman 's Late Show stage which was decorated to look like the set in the Amazon .
Barthold Fles , a diabetic for several decades , died on December 19 , 1989 , aged 87 .
Zhob district is subdivided into three subdistricts : Zhob , Kakkar and Sherani .
Torts may be categorised in a number of ways : one such way is to divide them into Negligence Torts , and Intentional Torts .
Following his first movie , L'ultimo Combattimento , -LRB- 1940 -RRB- he produced nearly 150 films during the next seven decades .
If the animal can not be captured , prophylactic rabies treatment is recommended in most places .
Peach Orchard is a town in Clay County , Arkansas , United States .
It shows a model of embryological development where fish -LRB- F -RRB- , reptiles -LRB- R -RRB- , and birds -LRB- B -RRB- represent branches from a path leading to mammals -LRB- M -RRB- .
He believes Afghanistan under the rule of Mullah Omar 's Taliban was `` the only Islamic country '' in the Muslim world .
Masaru Matsuhashi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ventforet Kofu .
Rotberg used the global bond market to increase the capital available to the bank .
A leisurely stroll around the town will reveal many fine buildings .
Although he 's best remembered today as the star in the first -LRB- full length -RRB- talking movie , The Jazz Singer in 1927 , he later starred in a series of successful musical films throughout the 1930s .
The first rubber ice cube tray was invented by Lloyd Groff Copeman .
Over the course of the following decade their landscape painting excursions together , in Louveciennes and Pontoise , led to a collaborative working relationship between equals .
However , while Mrs. Rabbit is shopping and the girls are collecting blackberries , Peter sneaks into the garden .
Piper also stars as Hannah Baxter\/Belle de Jour in Secret Diary of a Call Girl , an ITV2 adaptation of Belle de Jour 's The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl , a memoir detailing the life of a high-class prostitute .
The University of Virginia -LRB- also The University , Mr. Jefferson 's University , or Virginia ; often abbreviated as U. Va. or UVA -RRB- is a public research university located in Charlottesville , Virginia , United States , founded by Thomas Jefferson .
The following brands are used :
The Athanasian Creed has been used by Christian churches since the sixth century .
On March 31 , 2006 , the amateur radio operators from AMSAT in Germany tracked and received radio waves from Voyager 1 using the 20 m dish at Bochum with a long integration technique .
One of the best ways to go about this is to request this on the article 's talk page .
In 1986 , FIFA published a report that ranked all teams in each World Cup up to and including 1986 , based on progress in the competition , overall results and quality of the opposition . The rankings for the 1986 tournament were as follows :
In 2004 it was reported that Lahore alone has 10,000 active transvestites .
`` I Decided '' is a song by American singer Solange Knowles , written and composed by Knowles and producer Pharrell Williams for her second studio album Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .
Mudrick portrayed Austen as isolated , defensive , and critical of her society , and described in detail the relationship he saw between Austen 's attitude toward contemporary literature and her use of irony as a technique to contrast the realities of her society with what she felt they should be .
Extremely rare sightings of whooping cranes have been recorded , however only three examples of this species are known to live in the Rocky Mountains , out of 385 known worldwide .
Anne Marie was displaced as his heir by the birth of the Old Pretender 's son , Charles Edward Stuart -LRB- `` Bonnie Prince Charlie '' -RRB- , on 31 December 1720 .
At the same time , the Central Bank of China -LRB- now known as the Central Bank of the Republic of China -RRB- began issuing New Taiwan dollar banknotes directly and the old notes issued by the Bank of Taiwan were taken out of circulation .
Olivine in general is a very abundant mineral , but gem quality peridot is rather rare .
According to the 2002 Romanian census there are a total of 35,791 Lipovans in Romania , of whom 21,623 living in Dobruja .
Shillong -LRB- Khasi : Shillong -RRB- is the capital of Meghalaya , one of the smallest states in India and home to the Khasis .
It is used by many mathematics journals , which ask authors of research papers and expository articles to list subject codes from the Mathematics Subject Classification in their papers .
Nixon appeared at one of Graham 's revivals in East Tennessee in 1970 ; the event drew one of the largest crowds to ever gather in Tennessee .
At the end of the 1990s , the then stadium owners Barnsley Football Club were considering re-developing the West Stand after several seasons of high attendances , however with the rapid decline in fortunes of the football club , subsequent sale of the stadium and new club ownership these plans are unlikely to come to fruition in the near future .
All belong to the large order Perciformes , or perch-like fishes , and in fact the word bass comes from Middle English bars , meaning `` perch . ''
Read-write snapshots are branching snapshots because they implicitly allow diverging versions of an LV .
Organisers called it the biggest anti-nuclear demonstration the country has seen .
Historically , the practice of green manuring can be traced back to the fallow cycle of crop rotation , which was used to allow soils to recover .
It took place on January 31 , 2010 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta , Georgia and featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown and ECW brands .
Up jumped the swagman and sprang into the billabong , `` You 'll never catch me alive '' , said he , And his ghost may be heard as you pass by that billabong , `` You 'll come a-Waltzing Matilda , with me '' .
This enormous diversity of antibodies allows the immune system to recognize an equally wide variety of antigens .
Kevin Forrest Cash -LRB- born December 6 , 1977 in Tampa , Florida -RRB- is a Major League Baseball catcher who is in the Texas Rangers organization .
This system replaces each diacritic with an x after the letter , producing the six digraphs cx , gx , hx , jx , sx , and ux .
It is the county seat of Marshall County .
... The book must be ` one of the most skilful pastiches in the history of literature .
Adams headed back to Europe and played in East Berlin and later West Berlin .
The independence of Pakistan in 1947 led to the divisions of the Punjab province into two new provinces .
Bluetooth exists in many products , such as the iPod Touch , Lego Mindstorms NXT , PlayStation 3 , PSP Go , telephones , the Nintendo Wii , and some high definition headsets , modems , and watches .
It is intended to be paired with and uses the same arguments .
The song peaked at number six on the Billboard alternative rock chart , making it the band 's second top 10 single -LRB- the first being previous single `` Prayer of the Refugee '' -RRB- and highest charting single from the album .
Ferydoon Zandi -LRB- , born in Emden , Germany , on April 26 , 1979 -RRB- is a German-Iranian football midfielder .
IBM introduced a series of more affordable computers , the IBM 650 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , IBM 1620 -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , IBM 1130 -LRB- 1965 -RRB- addressed to the science and engineering market .
The Australian dollar -LRB- sign : $ ; code : AUD -RRB- is the currency of the Commonwealth of Australia , including Christmas Island , Cocos -LRB- Keeling -RRB- Islands , and Norfolk Island , as well as the independent Pacific Island states of Kiribati , Nauru and Tuvalu .
The district of Entremont is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Bin Laden is antisemitic , and has delivered warnings against alleged Jewish conspiracies : `` These Jews are masters of usury and leaders in treachery .
Marilyn passed over the islands of Vieques and Culebra , where it caused much damage .
By consulting the colophons in the Left Ginza , Jorunn J. Buckley has identified an uninterrupted chain of copyists to the late 2nd or early 3rd c. AD .
Manchester has formal twinning arrangements -LRB- or `` friendship agreements '' -RRB- with several places .
Kiviuq -LRB- also spelled Keeveeok , Qiviuq or Kivioq -RRB- is a legendary and heroic Inuk , a sort of Inuit Odysseus .
It traveled west , and landfall occurred near Bluefields , Nicaragua on July 28 , with Cesar at Category 1 strength .
The male then guards the eggs until they hatch .
He had also been nominated for Album of the Year for Justified , Record of the Year for `` Cry Me a River '' , and Best Rap\/Sung Collaboration for `` Where Is the Love ? ''
Waichiro Omura -LRB- born January 1 , 1933 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Tamil Jains number only a few thousand now .
Her trial and conviction were a major focus of attention for the Australian media .
Lexington was founded in June 1775 in what was then Virginia -LRB- 17 years before Kentucky became a state in 1792 -RRB- .
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- and the only team in their division not to be based in California .
In addition to the federal observance , some states officially commemorate Leif Erikson Day , particularly in the Upper Midwest , where large numbers of people from the Nordic countries settled .
Christian metal bands exist in all the subgenres of heavy metal music , and the only common link between most Christian metal bands are the lyrics .
More than 95 percent of the land area lies in Monroe County , but a small portion extends northeast into Miami-Dade County , primarily in the city of Islandia , Florida .
-LRB- The production executive at Film studio Mosfilm , where Meadow was being made , was also replaced , but without further executions . -RRB-
Scottsburg Fire Department has the youngest fire chief in the State of Indiana .
The name is thought to be derived from Greta River in Cumberland , England .
q Sauber subsequently became BMW works team BMW Sauber , then reverted back to Sauber .
He had numerous strong results in the knockout tournaments for the FIDE World Chess Championships 1998-2004 , with his best result being a semi-finalist in 1997 .
In the viviparous animals -LRB- which include humans and all other placental mammals -RRB- , the ovum is fertilized inside the female body , and the embryo then develops inside the uterus , receiving nutrition directly from the mother .
A second tour followed with the band Vidoll , and the bands were featured together on the November issue of Cure , a magazine focusing on Visual Kei bands .
The heat released by the deflagration causes the combustion gases and excess air to try to expand thermally as well .
Flannelette typically refers to a napped cotton the texture of flannel .
In acid conditions , iodic acid is formed .
The strongest evidence comes from Kalambo Falls in Zambia where several artifacts related to the use of fire by humans had been recovered including charred logs , charcoal , reddened areas , carbonized grass stems and plants , and wooden implements which may have been hardened by fire .
The network was also a launching point for the music videos of pop musician\/children 's performers such as Laurie Berkner , Lisa Loeb , and Dan Zanes , initially as filler between 23-minute-long shows run commercial-free , and -LRB- because of their success in that format -RRB- now as music video shows like Move to the Music .
Instead he stares at the ceiling and walls with a blank stare -LRB- although this is not uncommon with top players who calculate without looking at the board -RRB- .
Founded in 1918 , it initially specialised in industrial electric motors and transformers .
Also of note are Hurricane Ekeka and Tropical Storm Hali , which formed in late January and late March , respectively .
Wacquinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Callaway is located at .
The first prototypes were built in 2006 and tested out of service from 2008 , the main fleet introduced into revenue service from 2009 to 2012 .
Superman is a fictional character , a comic book superhero appearing in publications by DC Comics , widely considered to be an American cultural icon .
The game is set in the fictional location of Spiral Mountain where a bear named Banjo and a bird named Kazooie live .
More vocals , timpani and drums were overdubbed on 31 July .
Joy Division 's posthumously released second album , Closer -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , and the single `` Love Will Tear Us Apart '' became the band 's highest charting releases .
The story was widely reprinted and closely linked the Liberty Bell to the Declaration of Independence in the public mind .
Fays-la-Chapelle is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
They often have a contrapuntal texture .
Class D3\/6 were diesel shunters built in 1935 by English Electric for the London , Midland and Scottish Railway .
brand featured Eddie Guerrero versus Kurt Angle for the WWE Championship which Guerrero won after a Small package .
Template : S-rail-start is a variant of the generic template used to begin thousands of succession boxes .
He often painted on paper that was glued to a wooden panel .
Tilly-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Queen Latifah 's work in music , film and television has earned her a Golden Globe award , two Screen Actors Guild Awards , two Image Awards , a Grammy Award , six additional Grammy nominations , an Emmy Award nomination and an Academy Award nomination .
After Gothic Plague came Fixed Penalty , and after that , Rocket Baby Dolls .
Belle Haven is a town in Accomack and Northampton counties in the U.S. state of Virginia .
Two numbers of the same order of magnitude have roughly the same scale : the larger value is less than ten times the smaller value .
Bairiki is a village and an islet now part of South Tarawa , and at one time itself the center of government -LRB- and therefore , capital -RRB- of Kiribati .
The remaining two teams in the Eastern conference and Western Conference after the second round play off .
The group was then charged with establishing official lyrics for each song ; for `` God Save the Queen '' , the English words were those inherited from the United Kingdom and the French words were taken from those that had been adopted in 1952 for the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II . When the bill pronouncing `` O Canada '' as the national anthem was put through parliament , the joint committee 's earlier recommendations regarding `` God Save the Queen '' were not included .
However , some performances connected to the festival take place before and after the official dates .
Bear , Gregory Benford , and David Brin wrote a trilogy of prequel novels to Isaac Asimov 's famous Foundation trilogy with Bear credited for the middle book in the trilogy .
Robert Chambers in his anonymous Vestiges also clearly made the point .
The actual construction of the monument began in 1848 but was not completed until 1884 , almost 30 years after the architect 's death .
Ottakring is the 16th District in the city of Vienna , Austria .
We live with the consequences today . ''
The comedy drama , centred on British underclass and working class culture , has been accorded critical acclaim by various sections of the British media , including The Sun newspaper and Newsnight Review on BBC Two .
The channel is the successor to the similar BBC Choice and was launched on 9 February 2003 , eleven months after the originally planned launch date -LRB- and the launch of BBC Four -RRB- .
The title is not correctly used on its own .
This classification is used to define the Global 200 list of ecoregions identified by the WWF as priorities for conservation .
The people of Nagar and Hunza were ruled by a local Mir for more than 1200 years , until both states were dissolved in 1974 .
From September 2006 , the first train underwent testing at Bombardier 's manufacturing and test site at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby .
Rudolph Joseph Migay -LRB- born November 18 , 1928 in Port Arthur , Ontario -RRB- is a retired a Canadian ice hockey forward .
The New Wave of British Heavy Metal -LRB- frequently abbreviated as NWOBHM and pronounced -RRB- was a heavy metal movement that started in the late 1970s , in Britain , and achieved international attention by the early 1980s .
She briefly attended Edgewood College in Madison , Wisconsin , and Spring Hill College in Mobile , but transferred to Xavier University of Louisiana in New Orleans , where she became an active member of the Gamma Alpha Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority , Inc. and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in 1969 .
Thomas of Whitney was the master mason .
Adobe soon started distributing its Acrobat Reader -LRB- now Adobe Reader -RRB- program at no cost , and continued supporting the original PDF , which eventually became the de facto standard for printable documents on the web -LRB- a standard web document -RRB- .
Most often aluminium adjuvants are used , but adjuvants like squalene are also used in some vaccines and more vaccines with squalene and phosphate adjuvants are being tested .
After control is established and the environment is set for the virus to begin making copies of itself , replication occurs quickly .
He had been a surgeon-superintendent of ships taking convicts to New South Wales and Van Diemen 's Land -LRB- now known as Tasmania -RRB- .
Among such historical treasures , Seokguram grotto , Bulguksa temple , Gyeongju Historic Areas and Yangdong Folk Village are designated as World Heritage Sites by UNESCO .
Burj Khalifa is highly compartmentalised . Pressurized , air-conditioned refuge floors are located approximately every 35 floors where people can shelter on their long walk down to safety in case of an emergency or fire .
Major features were planned for Blackcomb , including an emphasis on searching and querying data and an advanced storage system named WinFS to enable such scenarios .
It even dropped snow over some areas of Eastern Quebec and Labrador .
In many countries where brothels are officially illegal , the laws are ignored ; often brothels in such countries are not only tolerated , but also regulated by authorities .
Coleridge-Taylor 's work was later championed by Malcolm Sargent , who between 1928 and 1939 conducted ten seasons of a costumed ballet version of The Song of Hiawatha at the Royal Albert Hall with the Royal Choral Society -LRB- 600 to 800 singers -RRB- and 200 dancers .
Immediately under the President are the offices of four Vice-Presidents - Executive Vice President , Vice President for Academic Affairs , Vice President for Administration , and Vice President for Finance and Planning .
It was named in October 2002 after the Greek mythological figure Kalyke or Calyce .
Freud argued that children then passed through a stage in which they fixated on the mother as a sexual object -LRB- known as the Oedipus Complex -RRB- but that the child eventually overcame and repressed this desire because of its taboo nature .
Also located within Snake River Plain is the Idaho National Laboratory .
The film stars Shahrukh Khan , Manisha Koirala , and Preity Zinta .
Alexander Gray -LRB- June 21 , 1899 - April 10 , 1986 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey right winger for the New York Rangers and the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1927 to 1933 .
The period between the World Wars saw the election of reformist mayor Fiorello La Guardia and the fall of Tammany Hall after 80 years of political dominance .
The party also played role in establishment of Democratic Republic of Armenia , as party members took part in the Battle of Sardarapat , during the World War I at Caucasus Campaign , which defended the Armenian capital Yerevan from the Army of Islam of the Ottoman Empire .
His popularity in France went down during the 1870s after the Second Empire , and he fled France , but during the last years of his life , his popularity rebounded , and several of his operettas are still performed .
The area was rich in fauna including kangaroo , kangaroo rats , bandicoots , dingos , and two species of native cat .
The IB governance is composed of an IB Board of Governors .
However , many growers , traders , and consumers reject such lab test numbers .
The landowners sued the park owners in 2004 , claiming that the park had an improper insurance policy and that fireworks were prohibited in the lease .
The party membership was largely absorbed by the Republican Party in 1854 .
This modern faction is dominantly voiced through the anarcho-punk and crust punk subcultures , in attempt to combat what is seen by those groups as a general devaluation of , and profitization from , life .
NOAA warns of dangerous weather , charts seas and skies , guides the use and protection of ocean and coastal resources , and conducts research to improve understanding and stewardship of the environment .
Troy Island Mell , of IGN , felt that the story `` would -LRB- not -RRB- be anywhere near as good as it is without its ability to create such strong characters '' .
Heidfeld was then tipped for a seat at Sauber alongside Kamui Kobayashi but they decided to go with Pedro de la Rosa .
Yellowstone Lake is one of the largest high-altitude lakes in North America and is centered over the Yellowstone Caldera , the largest supervolcano on the continent .
Officially , the games lasted for four and a half months ; in fact , James Edward Sullivan tried to hold an event every day for the duration of the fair .
The complex at Den Oever includes the Stevin lock and three series of five sluices for discharging the IJsselmeer into the Wadden Sea ; the other complex at Kornwerderzand is composed of the Lorentz locks and two series of five sluices , making a total of 25 discharge sluices .
Missy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Rucker and his publisher marketed the book , tongue in cheek , as non-fiction .
After playing a few years in the minors , Bragnalo moved onto playing hockey in Italy with the team of the Val Pusteria Wolves , former EV Bruneck .
A drill press -LRB- also known as pedestal drill , pillar drill , or bench drill -RRB- is a fixed style of drill that may be mounted on a stand or bolted to the floor or workbench .
Dagtse Dzong overlooks the roads to Yerpa and Ganden Monastery on th east .
Jade Almarie Louise Ewen -LRB- born 24 January 1988 -RRB- is an English singer , songwriter , actress and member of the Sugababes .
Parishes can also be abolished where there is evidence that this in response to `` justified , clear and sustained local support '' from the area 's inhabitants .
In late medieval times Steinfurt became an independent earldom .
Stagecoach Group plc is an international transport group operating buses , trains , trams , express coaches and ferries .
Before the fire it had grown to be the largest palace in Europe , with over 1,500 rooms , overtaking the Vatican and Versailles .
Furbish is the language which is spoken by the Furbies .
Groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade , and in high school took an independent study in English .
warn-summary : Message re .
Despite this , the city was rebuilt after the war and was to some extent , restored to its pre-war appearance including the reconstruction of some of its medieval buildings .
Paolo Cannavaro -LRB- born 26 June 1981 -RRB- is an Italian football defender who currently plays for Serie A club Napoli .
He was the only Catholic and the longest-lived -LRB- and last surviving -RRB- signatory of the Declaration of Independence , dying at the age of 95 .
In early 1938 , Grace sent her to live with yet another one of her aunts , Ana Lower , who lived in the Van Nuys section of Los Angeles .
Mercedes-Benz debuted in Formula One in , and competed with great success in the 1954 and seasons .
On 11 November 2010 , it was announced that Marussia had taken a controlling stake in the team that would be called Marussia Virgin Racing from onwards .
There is little evidence that vanadium or vanadium compounds are reproductive toxins or teratogens .
He is sometimes regarded as the first person in recorded history to create a multiethnic , centrally ruled empire , although the Sumerians Lugal-anne-mundu and Lugal-zage-si also have a claim .
The England women 's national football team represents England in international women 's football .
This is likely one of the strongest hurricanes to hit Georgia in its history .
They joined the National League in 1892 and have been known as the Cardinals since 1900 .
Second , all brown algae are multicellular .
Dave was left with nothing , forcing him to take up the drums .
Opt-out stations were established in Inverness -LRB- BBC Radio Highland -RRB- on 25 March 1976 , followed by Radio Aberdeen in April 1976 , BBC Radio Orkney and BBC Radio Shetland in May 1977 , Selkirk -LRB- BBC Radio Tweed -RRB- on 11 April 1983 and Dumfries -LRB- BBC Radio Solway -RRB- on 16 April 1983 . Only the Orkney and Shetland stations still exist ; the others had all closed by the early 1990s and are now served by Radio Scotland with four opt-out news bulletins a day .
The pupa hibernates in a cocoon .
La Croupte is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Early estimates had given an optimistic completion date of July 2003 , which contributed to the sculpture gaining the nickname G of the Bang .
It was the site of a monastery -LRB- circa 632 -RRB- and has a High Cross .
The peripheral nervous system is functionally as well as structurally divided into the somatic nervous system and autonomic nervous system .
Furthermore , the Assembly elects a five-member Assembly Council that constitutes an especially active core of the Assembly .
Panama City Beach is a city in Bay County , Florida , United States , on the Gulf of Mexico coast . The city is often referred to under the umbrella term of `` Panama City '' , despite being a distinct municipality from the older and larger inland Panama City to the east , making Panama City and Panama City Beach two separate cities .
Vendin-le-Vieil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Colors could also be tan -LRB- # DDAA22 -RRB- .
On September 30 , 1994 , the line , which was making a loss of seven pounds for each passenger journey and was in need of some expensive maintenance work , was finally closed to the public , the Central Line terminating at Epping Station .
There has been debate whether Google search results can remain neutral because of possible conflict of interest .
The parameter makes it possible to show within the box lines available at a different station with which there 's a direct transfer from the current station .
A microkernel is a logical step up from a real-time OS .
Its county seat is New Cordell .
The first phase of the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center consisted of 213 MW and was completed in late 2005 ; phase two consisted of 223.5 MW and was completed in the second quarter of 2006 ; phase three which consisted of 299 MW , was completed by the end of 2006 .
Following the coming of age of the heirs to the Lordship of the Isle of Man , the rights over the island were sold to their uncle , William Stanley .
Robert Mulligan -LRB- August 23 , 1925 -- December 20 , 2008 -RRB- was an American film and television director .
A small increase in the average number of viewers was observed for the season compared to the prior season , Survivor : Africa .
A very small portion of the historic Oakwood Cemetery , added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 , and burial place of Samuel Wilson , a possible namesake of Uncle Sam , resides within the northwestern part of the town .
Wider rain bands can occur behind cold fronts , which tend to have more stratiform , and less convective , precipitation .
He has also appeared on the BBC World News , Bloomberg Live !
Aaron Ehasz , a frequent writer for the series , wrote part two .
Back to the Future is a 1985 American science-fiction comedy film .
Inside and outside the ring , ladders can now be rested onto the ring ropes and be broken into pieces .
Despite Coldplay 's worldwide popularity , the band has remained protective of how their music is used in the media , refusing its use for product endorsements .
Some have questioned the truth , accuracy , and tone of the book .
On 17 October 1821 , Sierra Leone territory becomes part of British West African Territories .
The gymnasium , comprising training areas for gymnastics , table-tennis and judo , occupies the second floor , while lock-ups for the Uniformed Groups and the Guitar Ensemble are located on third level .
All are played on a pocketless table with three balls ; two cue balls and one object ball .
The double bass is generally tuned in fourths , in contrast to members of the orchestral string family , which are tuned in fifths .
Croydon Palace was the summer residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury for over 500 years and included regular visitors such as Henry III and Queen Elizabeth I. It is thought to have been built around 960 .
-LRB- Images over 52 pixels width will cause padding problems . -RRB-
Because of this relationship , the action of the parasympathetic nervous system is often described as `` rest and digest '' .
In 1991 , Moscow was the scene of the failed coup attempt by the government members opposed to the reforms of Mikhail Gorbachev .
Sprinkled among the episodes -LRB- taking the place of reward challenges -RRB- is TDA Aftermath , a show-within-a-show hosted by Geoff and Bridgette , commissioned shortly after their eliminations .
Taoism does not fall strictly under an umbrella or a definition of an organized religion like the Abrahamic traditions , nor can it purely be studied as the originator or a variant of Chinese folk religion , as much of the traditional religion is outside of the tenets and core teachings of Taoism . Robinet asserts that Taoism is better understood as a way of life than as a religion , and that its adherents do not approach or view Taoism the way non-Taoist historians have done .
Only main , help and template pages will show this message ; these pages will be placed into : Category : Articles with broken citations .
Cirie Fields was selected from this season to compete in Survivor : Micronesia as part of the Favorites tribe and placed third .
Power over Ethernet or PoE technology describes a system to pass electrical power safely , along with data , on Ethernet cabling .
It is based on the short story `` Harrison Bergeron '' by author Kurt Vonnegut and stars James Cosmo , Julie Hagerty , and Armie Hammer with narration by Academy Award nominee Patricia Clarkson and an original score by Lee Brooks performed by the Kronos Quartet and Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra .
In the show , Aang has a complex network of friends extending over all four nations .
UEFA refer to the stadium as Arsenal Stadium , which was the official name of the stadium at Highbury .
Lorentz ' name is now associated with the Lorentz-Lorenz formula , the Lorentz force , the Lorentzian distribution , and the Lorentz transformation .
It was once part of the north\/south Torrance to San Pedro spur line of the Pacific Electric Railway , that agency 's first interurban line to San Pedro .
Of the 97 recent H3N2 isolates examined , only 41 isolates had strong serologic cross-reactions with antiserum to three commercial SIV vaccines .
Rancate was a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
John Jaeger , in an article published by the Association of College and Research Libraries , said of the Jewish Virtual Library : `` This library , once it is entered , is more like a living encyclopedia than it is anything else .
One of the most successful clubs in English football , they have won 13 First Division and Premier League titles and 10 FA Cups .
This section shows the formatting of different combinations of codes .
Hundreds of convicts were at large in the bush , farms were abandoned and martial law was proclaimed .
Stud females are generally used to breed further stud animals , but stud males may be used in crossbreeding programs .
In 2008 , end of season renovation , coupled with an early start to the football season , meant the pitch was not ready in time for the first home fixture .
To be certain , the House of Nephthys was one of fifty individual , land-owning temples delineated for this portion of the Middle Egyptian district in Papyrus Wilbour .
Arm wrestling puts enormous torque\/twist on the upper arm 's humerus bone to a degree seen in few other physical activities .
Austin Lightning was an American soccer team , founded in 2002 , originally with the name Lafayette Lightning .
Medina currently has a population of more than 1,300,000 people -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .
The WWF gained momentum when Angle made Booker T submit with an ankle lock , taking the WCW Championship away from the Alliance .
Orogens develop while a continental plate is crumpled and thickened to form mountain ranges , and involve a great range of geological processes collectively called orogenesis .
In 2005 , on an episode of The Early Show , Vernon was ranked as one of the top six most desirable communities to retire to in North America by Consumer Reports .
Three-cushion billiards retains great popularity in parts of Europe , Asia , and Latin America , and is the most popular carom billiards game played in the US today , where pool is far more widespread .
The chief priests inform Pilate of a new charge , demanding Jesus be sentenced to death `` because he claimed to be God 's son . ''
The journal publishes editorials , original articles , case reports , and letters .
Neither ever supported famine-related criticisms of the Great Leap .
Influenza B virus is almost exclusively a human pathogen , and is less common than influenza A. The only other animal known to be susceptible to influenza B infection is the seal .
The rise in land prices has led to development of new condominiums .
In addition to Tropical Storms Ana and Bill tracking through the Atlantic Ocean on August 16 , a new tropical depression formed over the eastern Gulf of Mexico . This depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Claudette as it neared the Florida Panhandle .
He is a budding singer and pianist .
The original Lingua Franca was a mixed language composed mostly -LRB- 80 % -RRB- of Italian with a broad vocabulary drawn from Turkish , French , Spanish , Greek and Arabic . It was in use throughout the eastern Mediterranean as the language of commerce and diplomacy in and around the Renaissance era .
Breakaway received two awards at the 2006 Grammy Awards including `` Best Pop Vocal Album '' and `` Best Female Pop Vocal Performance '' for the single `` Since U Been Gone '' .
In January 2007 , EMI stopped publishing audio CDs with DRM , stating that `` the costs of DRM do not measure up to the results . '' Following EMI , Sony BMG was the last publisher to abolish DRM completely , and audio CDs containing DRM are no longer released by the four record labels .
Sometime during the night , Johns broke out of his cell , and stole the horse once more , taking also the local magistrate 's brand new saddle and bridle .
`` Firework '' was written by Perry , Mikkel S. Eriksen , Tor Erik Hermansen , Sandy Wilhelm , and Ester Dean while produced by Stargate and Sandy Vee at Soapbox Studios in Atlanta , Georgia .
Gastriocerataceae is one of seventeen superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder .
This list can contain any type of album , including studio , greatest hits , compilation , various artists , soundtrack and remix .
Roman Weidenfeller -LRB- born 6 August 1980 in Diez , Germany -RRB- is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Borussia Dortmund in the German Bundesliga .
In 1813 , following Napoleon 's defeat in Russia , Frederick William turned against France and signed an alliance with Russia at Kalisz , although he had to flee Berlin , still under French occupation .
The founders of this organization intended it to be a governing body to disability sports what the IOC was to the Olympic Games .
During the industrialisation textile industry prospered .
Often known as Bill 101 , it defined French as the only official language of Quebec in areas of provincial jurisdiction .
Mika Pohjola was born in Helsinki , Finland , and grew up in the neighboring city of Vantaa .
An extended hookup sometimes refers to prolonged instances of casual sex interactions .
Coutures is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Horst Eckel -LRB- born 8 February 1932 -RRB- is a former German football player .
In New York , a town typically contains a number of such hamlets and villages .
That same year Stallone , along with an all-star cast of celebrities , appeared in the Trey Parker and Matt Stone short comedy film Your Studio and You commissioned by the Seagram Company for a party celebrating their acquisition of Universal Studios and the MCA Corporation .
Next day Hercules and young man are walking through a cave with dead bodies strewn all over .
He is said to have wept for joy on Louis ' behalf on being personally shown Zinj , which Louis and Mary carried around in a tin -LRB- later a box -RRB- .
The World Hockey Association -LRB- French : Association mondiale de hockey -RRB- was a professional ice hockey league that operated in North America from 1972 to 1979 .
The results of the meeting were inconclusive , and Waldo 's ideas , but not the movement itself , were condemned at the Third Lateran Council in the same year , though the leaders of the movement had not been yet excommunicated .
More common is notation in E-flat minor , which is a relatively manageable key for many brass instruments and woodwinds .
Following his championship win , Swagger began to develop a more serious persona : previously he had been known for doing pushups and beating his chest during his ring entrance .
Begging the question does not require any such reversal . Begging the question is similar to the fallacy of many questions : a fallacy of technique that results from presenting evidence in support of a conclusion that is less likely to be accepted , rather than merely asserting the conclusion .
In May 2007 , Prada joined forces with mobile phone maker LG Electronics to produce the LG Prada KE850 phone .
Residents of Blanchard and nearby Dibble , Oklahoma are served by the weekly newspaper The Blanchard News . The radio station KKNG-FM -LRB- `` King Country 97.3 KKNG '' -RRB- identifies Blanchard as its home , however , only the transmitter is located in Blanchard , while the operating offices are in Oklahoma City .
It is also the official language of Assam .
The tournament final of the tournament was predicted by some to be a close affair , with the British team heralded as slight favorites after finishing at the top of the league table .
Although this revolution drove mats off soft floors of shallow seas , they still flourish in many environments where burrowing is limited or impossible , including rocky seabeds and shores , hyper-saline and brackish lagoons , and are found on the floors of the deep oceans .
Interneurons connect neurons to other neurons within the same region of the brain or spinal cord .
Los Navegantes -LRB- ; literally translated to English as The Navigators Neighborhood , or Village -RRB- is a residential neighborhood , located in southeastern Pichilemu , Chile , near the Municipal Stadium , and La Cruz Hill .
Nico Erik Rosberg -LRB- born 27 June 1985 in Wiesbaden , West Germany -RRB- is a racing driver for the Mercedes GP Formula One team .
Previously Staten Island and Brooklyn were connected and the Hudson River emptied into the ocean through the present course of the Raritan River , by taking a more westerly course through parts of present day northern New Jersey , along the eastern side of the Watchung Mountains to Bound Brook , New Jersey and then on into the Atlantic Ocean via Raritan Bay .
There are multiple possible functions that could have been served by the claws of Therizinosaurus , such as defense against predators -LRB- e.g. the contemporary Tarbosaurus -RRB- and in intraspecific fighting , such as fighting for territory or for mating , or to pull leafy tree branches towards its mouth .
Lotus plans to enter the electric vehicle race , CEO Michael Kimberley told the Financial Times .
The release was accompanied by a magnitude 2.5 earthquake .
The tour continued through the Western United States .
Bureaucrats can use Special : RenameUser to rename users -LRB- including themselves -RRB- .
Reactions to the disclosure were diverse , encompassing commentary and articles in the electronic , print , and broadcast media ; the Wikipedia community researched Essjay 's article edits to check for errors and debated proposals to improve the project 's handling of personal identification .
The party 's federal parliamentary leader since 3 December 2007 , following the coalition 's defeat at the 2007 federal election , is Warren Truss .
He is less known for his deep interest in the spiritual and his boundless enthusiasm for art as a direct and honest route to God .
The cell membrane surrounds the protoplasm of a cell and , in animal cells , physically separates the intracellular components from the extracellular environment .
The name Anita was later retired .
So at least it 's something I experienced , but that 's not where I live . ''
Diego Alberto Milito -LRB- born 12 June 1979 -RRB- is an Argentine footballer who currently plays as a striker for Serie A club Internazionale .
DOE also sponsors more basic and applied scientific research than any other US federal agency ; most of this is funded through its system of United States Department of Energy National Laboratories .
Michael Rensing -LRB- born 14 May 1984 in Lingen , Lower Saxony -RRB- is a German footballer who currently plays for 1 .
However , though analysis had expected that United States sales of Guitar Hero 5 and The Beatles : Rock Band to be high , close to or exceeding one million units each in the first month of their release , the resulting sales numbers were lower by nearly half of the projections .
Historical statistical analysis indicates Robinson was an outstanding fielder throughout his ten years in the major leagues and at virtually every position he played .
The idea of removing a stock install of Internet Explorer from a Windows system was proposed during the United States v. Microsoft case .
When James VII created the modern Order in 1687 , he directed that the Abbey Church at the Palace of Holyroodhouse be converted to a Chapel for the Order of the Thistle , perhaps copying the idea from the Order of the Garter -LRB- whose chapel is located in Windsor Castle -RRB- .
This emperor 's posthumous name literally means `` divine might '' or `` god-warrior '' .
Hansell is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
His debut number one hit single `` Replay '' was released in 2009 reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 number one in the UK , Australia and top ten in many other countries .
These arachnids are known for their exceptionally long walking legs , compared to body size , although there are also short-legged species .
Friedrich Kurt Fiedler -LRB- 8 March 1894 -- 11 November 1950 -RRB- was a German graphic designer and a representative of the Social Democratic Party .
In 2011 , there are nine senators holding ministerial positions and the head of state , the First mayor .
Finally , ages can also be determined from the U-Pb system by analysis of Pb isotope ratios alone .
Railway lines and highways connect the city with Cairo , Port Said and Ismailia .
The gharial is not a man-eater and is sensitive towards humans .
The first Guildhall School was housed in an old warehouse in Aldermanbury , but these premises soon proved too small .
In 2002 , the city had five constituencies : Gaborone North , Gaborone Central , Gaborone South , Gaborone West North , and Gabororone West South .
In the United Kingdom and Australia the terms used are corporate box , executive box , sky box and private box .
The Arctic willow is the only woody species to grow on Ellesmere Island .
Red Dead Redemption is an open world action-adventure western video game , developed by Rockstar San Diego and published by Rockstar Games .
Panama is located in Central America , bordering both the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean , between Colombia and Costa Rica .
Aldo Maldera -LRB- born 14 October 1953 in Milan -RRB- is an Italian former footballer .
It is popularly believed that Pavlov always signaled the occurrence of food by ringing a bell .
Fish and copra are the country 's major exports , and cotton goods , motor vehicles , meats , and sugar are the major imports .
In 1996 he was an honorary doctor of University of Toulouse and in 1997 he was an honorary professor of Moscow State University .
Lyari River is a small ephemeral stream that flows through the Pakistani megacity of Karachi from north east to the center and drains into the Arabian Sea at the Monora channel .
He rode for the Isle of Man on the track at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne , riding the scratch race .
There are also regular scheduled ferry services to Labuan .
At the 2000 census the population was 3,002 .
In the middle of the state , the Central Plain has some unique sandstone formations like the Dells of the Wisconsin River in addition to rich farmland .
The Avatar possesses a unique power and ability called the Avatar State , which endows the Avatar with all the knowledge and abilities of all past Avatars and acts as a self-triggering defense mechanism , although it can be made subject to the will of the user through various methods , such as extensive trial and training .
A sample mean value of 280 grams however would be extremely rare if the mean content of the cups is in fact close to 250 grams .
The encyclopedia was later updated under the auspices of The Catholic University of America and a 17-volume New Catholic Encyclopedia was first published in 1967 , and then in 2002 .
Code to the left , actual rendering to the right :
The first viable substitute was celluloid billiard balls , invented by John Wesley Hyatt in 1868 , but the material was volatile and highly flammable , sometimes exploding during manufacture .
Later that day the JTWC upgraded as the depression moved towards the west it was upgraded to a Tropical Storm by the JTWC .
These were consolidated by the first Librarian of the college , Emma Ryder .
Australian postcodes are managed by Australia Post .
Central Karakoram National Park or Karakoram National Park is a National Park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan that comprises the Baltoro , Panmah , Biafo and Hispar glaciers and their tributary glaciers . The Central Karakoram National Park lies mostly in Skardu District of the Northern Areas , but also includes area within the Gilgit District .
Poultry such as ducks , geese , and pigeons were captured in nets and bred on farms , where they were force-fed with dough to fatten them .
Initial production was based only in Japan , but since 1994 the American market has been served by vehicles assembled at the former Diamond-Star Motors -LRB- DSM -RRB- facility in Normal , Illinois .
The original standard book number -LRB- SBN -RRB- had no group identifier , but affixing a zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- as prefix to a 9-digit SBN creates a valid 10-digit ISBN .
She was contracted at the Royal Swedish Opera , where her older sister was prima donna , in 1812 .
The Greek historians record that the town was celebrated for its monolithite temple and oracle of the goddess Wadjet -LRB- Buto -RRB- -LRB- Herod .
On that night , Cena was in charge and pitted Orton against Triple H. During the match , Cena charged into the ring and lifted Triple H overhead for an FU .
Smoke grenades generally emit a far larger amount of smoke than smoke bombs that are sold as fireworks .
Eagle Comics was a short lived comic book publishing company that existed to reprint comic stories from the UK 's 2000 A.D. magazine for distribution in North America .
This could be another boot manager , such as the Microsoft boot menu , allowing further selection of non-Multiboot operating systems .
The Iraqi national football team represents Iraq in international football and is controlled by the Iraq Football Association .
This discovery , made at the Observatoire de Haute-Provence , ushered in the modern era of exoplanetary discovery .
Sundquist left the band to spend time with his family , and remained on friendly terms with Cornell and Thayil following his departure .
Retheuil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Some examples of candy are : caramel candy , toffee , fudge , praline , tablet , gumdrops , jelly beans , rock candy , lollipops , taffy , cotton candy , candy canes , peppermint sticks , peanut brittle , chocolate-coated raisins or peanuts , hard candy -LRB- called boiled sweets in British English -RRB- and candy bars .
The other options -LRB- in\/out -RRB- were added for completeness , to allow anything : in , out , both or none .
In all known organisms , the deoxyribonucleotides that make up DNA are synthesized by the action of ribonucleotide reductase -LRB- RNR -RRB- enzymes on their corresponding ribonucleotides .
William Xavier Barbosa , or William , -LRB- born 22 September 1983 in Campo Grande -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer .
McDiarmid has appeared in 47 films since 1976 .
William Ralph Dean -LRB- 22 January 1907 -- 1 March 1980 -RRB- , better known as Dixie Dean , was an English football player .
In that episode , Frasier , on a trip to Boston , meets the Cheers gang -LRB- though not at Cheers itself -RRB- and Cliff thinks Frasier has flown out specifically for his -LRB- Cliff 's -RRB- retirement party , which Frasier ends up attending . Frasier was on the air for as many seasons and almost as many episodes as Cheers , going off the air in 2004 after an eleven-season run .
Yoshiichi Watanabe -LRB- born April 5 , 1954 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
A controversy among the Baptists flared in 1887 with Spurgeon 's first `` Down-grade '' article , published in The Sword & the Trowel . In the ensuing `` Downgrade Controversy , '' the Metropolitan Tabernacle became disaffiliated from the Baptist Union , effectuating Spurgeon 's congregation as the world 's largest self-standing church .
Its county seat is Chandler .
He has played for Japan 's national team .
Belle Isle is located at .
Jan Koller -LRB- born 30 March 1973 -RRB- is a Czech footballer who is currently playing for French club AS Cannes .
On April 15 , 2010 , Office 2010 was released to manufacturing . The suite became available for retail and online purchase on June 15 , 2010 .
The law of Charlemagne was based on Salic Law , an influence as great as that of Greece and Rome .
Edward `` Eddie '' McKay Cheever , Jr. -LRB- born January 10 , 1958 in Phoenix , Arizona -RRB- is an American racing driver who raced for almost thirty years in Formula One , Sports cars , CART and the Indy Racing League .
In both camps , romances emerged at Koror -LRB- Jenn and Gregg -RRB- and Ulong -LRB- Kim and Jeff -RRB- .
This template turns out orange , the same colors of the `` You have new messages -LRB- last changes -RRB- '' box .
Forty-six thousand British troops , one-third of the total strength of the British Army 's land forces , were deployed to assist with the invasion of Iraq and thereafter British armed forces were responsible for security in southern Iraq in the run-up to the Iraqi elections of January 2005 .
By the middle of the 20th century , the second bridge was no longer able to handle the volume of traffic it received .
It was especially emotional for the # 11 team as Hamlin had lost his grandmother , Thelma Clark , that Friday .
Historically , in the warm Mediterranean and Middle Eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during Friday prayers .
Lust exposes people to others ; romantic attraction encourages people to focus their energy on mating ; and attachment involves tolerating the spouse -LRB- or indeed the child -RRB- long enough to rear a child into infancy .
The Scion xB is a vehicle made by Toyota for the United States market and sold under their youth-oriented Scion brand .
Now-extinct marine animals called graptolites thrived in the oceans .
It is a Christmas time dessert in Portugal and Brazil -LRB- rabanada -RRB- and an Easter dessert in Spain -LRB- torrijas -RRB- .
Presley plays a teenager named Danny Fisher , who is forced to drop out of school to help support his ineffective father -LRB- Dean Jagger -RRB- .
Lahor is surrounded by Yar Hussain , Tordher , Ambar and the Indus River .
An archivist is a professional who assesses , collects , organizes , preserves , maintains control over , and provides access to information determined to have long-term value .
Using will create a two-column reference list , and will create a three-column list , and so on .
It is also designated Uranus VI .
Give 'Em Enough Rope is the second studio album by the English punk rock band The Clash .
It is possible to cross into Italy via the Cervinia cable car station .
A limited physical version of the single was released on 7 '' vinyl and can be obtained exclusively by pre-ordering Appeal to Reason .
Antonios Nikopolidis -LRB- ; born 14 January 1971 in Arta -RRB- is a Greek football player playing at the position of goalkeeper .
Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Beryl dropped moderate precipitation just offshore , though the maximum precipitation total in the United States was only 0.97 inches -LRB- 24.6 mm -RRB- on Nantucket .
World title competition first started in 1986 and required the use of ivory balls .
They also have few villages scattered across Rawalpindi , Bhawalpur , Amritsar , Gurdaspur , Jalandhar , Moga , Ludhiana and Sangrur .
The 3\/4 mile stretch of standard gauge track and museum are owned and operated by the Jolly family assisted by a dedicated staff of volunteers .
Rau was born in the Barmen part of Wuppertal , Rhine Province , as the third of five children .
Caslano is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino , near to the Italian border .
At dawn on September 17 , Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker 's corps mounted a powerful assault on Lee 's left flank .
He played five times for the Austrian national team U 19 and U 20 and two times for U 21 .
Nickel -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate , or just nickel sulfate , usually refers to the chemical compound with the formula NiSO4 .
To promote nationwide literacy among 1st to 6th graders and encourage more reading during the summer , Barnes & Noble has implemented a summer challenge where if children read 8 books and write about their reading , Barnes & Noble will give the readers a free book .
The popular American movie critics Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper have given positive reviews of the film .
Boiled eggs are a popular breakfast food in many countries around the world .
Kunihiro Shibasaki is a Japanese football player .
In Super Mario 64 , Mario gains new jumping abilities , such as a sideways somersault , a ground pound , and the `` Wall Kick '' , which propels him upwards by kicking off walls .
Prichard is a city in Mobile County , Alabama , in the United States .
Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the chemical formula CaCO3 .
Challis later realized that he had observed the planet twice in August , failing to identify it owing to his casual approach to the work .
It is located on Polyphemus 's Island in the Sea of Monsters -LRB- the Bermuda Triangle -RRB- .
However , the status of Leadbeater 's Possum is in even more doubt following the disastrous bushfires that swept its only known habitat on Black Saturday in February 2009 .
Toronto won the series and advanced to the Stanley Cup finals .
Then he pulled Daniel out , and threw into the den those who had attempted his destruction , and they were instantly eaten before his eyes . ''
`` Open Road '' is the first single from Bryan Adams ' 2004 album `` Room Service '' .
He is portrayed in the original trilogy by Alec Guinness and in the prequel trilogy by Ewan McGregor .
The 14th century saw further growth .
Miani continues to have a population of Muslim Khatris .
A baker 's dozen , long dozen , or long measure is 13 , one more than a standard dozen .
The $ 1 note was replaced by a coin in 1984 , while a $ 100 note was also introduced .
Cheryl Elise Kendall Gillan FCIM -LRB- born 21 April 1952 in Cardiff , Wales -RRB- is a British Conservative Party politician .
Markkleeberg is a town in the Leipzig district , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Samus travels to its core , where she finally defeats Dark Samus , then the corrupted Aurora Unit 313 .
The adult robin is preyed upon by hawks , cats and larger snakes , but when feeding in flocks , it is able to be vigilant and watch other birds for reactions to predators .
Often the acts of artivists can be refererred to as part of the larger concept of Culture jamming .
Zinc sheet metal is used to make zinc bars .
It is situated just off the Mid-Western Highway 258 km west of Sydney and 52 km south-west of Bathurst and is 720 m above sea-level .
Many settled in the new free colony of Victoria , to the disgust of the free settlers in towns such as Melbourne .
The program still aired on Thursdays in Canada on the Score .
They are aromatic , with erect branched stems up to 60 cm long covered with fine hairs at the tips .
Death Magnetic debuted at number one in the United States selling 490,000 units with Metallica becoming the first band to have five consecutive studio albums debut at number one in the history of the Billboard 200 . After a week of its release , Death Magnetic remained at number one on the Billboard 200 , the European album chart , and became the fastest selling album in Australia for 2008 .
The first Duke Nukem 3D port was from icculus.org .
to his publisher , who replied with a single ' ! ' .
The full text of the report is available through several websites .
The key problems of complex systems are difficulties with their formal modeling and simulation .
Mirza lost in the first round of the MPS Group Championships but won the doubles title with Chuang .
He was born into slavery ; his parents were owned by Edward B. Dudley the Governor of North Carolina from 1836 to 1841 .
Winston Smith works as a clerk in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth , where his job is to rewrite historical documents so they match the constantly changing current party line .
She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Cold Mountain -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
Keidran Jones , -LRB- born 1987 -RRB- better known as his stage name , Iyaz , from the British Virgin Islands , is a singer signed with the record label Beluga Heights Records .
The Diablo Gift Pack -LRB- 2000 -RRB- contained Diablo and Diablo II , but no expansions .
However , he had a poor showing at the St. Petersburg tournament in 1914 , not placing in the top five .
On the other hand , the Japanese car parts were virtually identical to each other , and much closer to the nominal values for the parts - e.g. , if a part were supposed to be one foot long , plus or minus 1\/8 of an inch - then the Japanese parts were within 1\/16 of an inch .
Epicurus is a key figure in the development of science and the scientific method because of his insistence that nothing should be believed , except that which was tested through direct observation and logical deduction .
Oparin argued that a `` primeval soup '' of organic molecules could be created in an oxygenless atmosphere through the action of sunlight .
Sir Roger Penrose OM FRS -LRB- born 8 August 1931 -RRB- is an English mathematical physicist and Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematical Institute , University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College .
Antonio de Ulloa y de la Torre-Giralt -LRB- 12 January 1716 -- 3 July 1795 -RRB- was a Spanish general , explorer , author , astronomer , colonial administrator and the first Spanish governor of Louisiana .
David Suzuki : The Autobiography is the 2006 autobiography of Canadian science writer and broadcaster David Suzuki .
This possibility kept the asteroid at Level 1 on the Torino impact hazard scale until August 2006 , when the probability that Apophis will pass through the keyhole was determined to be very small .
Preceded by the UK and US Top 10 hit `` Tumbling Dice '' , Exile on Main St. was released in May 1972 .
can subscribe to a web feed of this page in either -LRB- RSS -RRB- or -LRB- Atom -RRB- format .
Songmaster received the Hamilton-Brackett Memorial Award 1981 .
Henry was born in the tower above the gatehouse of Monmouth Castle and for that reason called Henry of Monmouth , son of Henry of Bolingbroke , later Henry IV , and sixteen-year-old Mary de Bohun .
She was made a doctor of music by the University of Cambridge in 1976 , and became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire -LRB- DBE -RRB- in 1992 .
The Toyota Sequoia is a full-size SUV produced by Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana in Princeton , Indiana .
Legislation -LRB- or `` statutory law '' -RRB- is law which has been promulgated -LRB- or `` enacted '' -RRB- by a legislature or other governing body , or the process of making it .
The lawnchair used in the flight was given to an admiring boy named Jerry , though Walters later regretted doing so , since the Smithsonian Institute asked him to donate it to its museum .
After the plot was exposed in September 1780 , he was commissioned into the British Army as a brigadier general .
However , the timing of the availability of DECT , in the mid 1990s , was too early to find wide application for wireless data outside niche industrial applications .
Its initial game , a first-person shooter called Disruptor for the PlayStation , was released on November 20 , 1996 , and received critical success .
Bourdenay is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Mowgli and Shanti fall too but are saved by Baloo .
Discovered by Edward John Eyre in 1839 , for the following twenty years it was believed that Lake Torrens was an enormous horseshoe-shaped saltpan encircling the northern Flinders Ranges and blocking any path to the interior .
The Western Tragopan or Western Horned Tragopan -LRB- Tragopan melanocephalus -RRB- is a medium sized brightly plumaged pheasant found along the Himalayas from Hazara in northern Pakistan in the west to Uttarakhand within India to the east .
The Justice and Equality Movement -LRB- JEM -RRB- -LRB- , Hrka alAdl oalmsaoaa -RRB- is a rebel group involved in the Darfur conflict of Sudan , led by Khalil Ibrahim .
Keyboard instruments were further developed in the early 20th century .
The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong to the same dynamic cluster as Stephano and Francisco , suggesting common origin .
In 1990 , at the age of 29 , she was admitted as a partner .
In 1973 , new information came to light about FBI operations targeted against Weather Underground and the New Left , all part of a series of covert and often illegal FBI projects called COINTEL .
The NFL 's Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the NHL 's Tampa Bay Lightning call Tampa home , while the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball play across the bay in St. Petersburg .
It occurs on every continent except Australia and Antarctica .
Malvales is the name of an order of flowering plants .
A reverse proxy is a proxy server that appears to clients to be an ordinary server .
For example , the `` Do not steal '' may be loosely matched to `` Concern of everyone about the preservation and multiplication of the common wealth '' .
Some reduction in numbers occurred because of habitat loss when the Europeans started settling further inland .
Both the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern China .
In Japan , China , Taiwan and some Southeast Asian countries , including Thailand and Malaysia , peas are roasted and salted , and eaten as snacks .
In 1783 , according to family tradition , Jane and Cassandra were sent to Oxford to be educated by Mrs. Ann Cawley and they moved with her to Southampton later in the year .
The word laser started as an acronym for `` light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation '' ; in modern usage `` light '' broadly denotes electromagnetic radiation of any frequency , not only visible light , hence infrared laser , ultraviolet laser , X-ray laser , and so on .
Use the arguments n1 , n2 , n3 , etc. to specify items that should not be linked .
Since 2001 , these have been led by democratically elected local councils , each headed by a Nazim -LRB- the word means `` supervisor '' in Urdu , but is sometimes translated as Mayor -RRB- .
Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The main branches consider tritheism heretical .
God later commanded Moses to inscribe two other tablets , to replace the ones Moses smashed , so Moses went to the mountain again , for another period of 40 days and nights , and when he returned , the commandments were finally given .
The birth of the anti-nuclear movement in California can be traced to controversy over Pacific Gas & Electric 's attempt to build the nation 's first commercially viable nuclear power plant in Bodega Bay .
Finally , she established Harry 's birth date as 31 July , the same as her own .
In 2005 , new Furbies were released , with voice-recognition and more complex facial movements , and many other changes and improvements .
Most timpani have six to eight tension rods .
In 2003 , Bowyer raced a full season in the NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division Midwest Series , scoring one top-ten finish in 11 starts .
The decision was handed down by a vote of 7 to 1 with the majority opinion written by Justice Henry Billings Brown and the dissent written by Justice John Marshall Harlan .
Art Director of Classica Nova International Music Competition .
The Futurists practiced in every medium of art , including painting , sculpture , ceramics , graphic design , industrial design , interior design , theater , film , fashion , textiles , literature , music , architecture and even gastronomy .
Even the most level-headed , otherwise-normal software developers will become overwhelmed by the pre-exising nerdisms , so that even simple changes can introduce new quirks , and hence , no single group of people can be blamed for the combined , bizarre outcomes .
According to Christian Friedrich Daniel Schubart , A major is a key suitable for `` declarations of innocent love , ... hope of seeing one 's beloved again when parting ; youthful cheerfulness and trust in God . ''
The title of the psalm claims that it was written by King David after his battle with Goliath .
The words were set to music by Albert Von Tilzer , -LRB- Norworth and Von Tilzer finally saw their first Major League Baseball games 32 and 20 years later , respectively -RRB- .
The main plot follows two terminally ill men -LRB- portrayed by Nicholson and Freeman -RRB- on their road trip with a wish list of things to do before they `` kick the bucket . ''
It is located in Kansas City , Missouri .
Information returned includes the server 's version , when it was compiled , the patch level , when it was started , and any other information which may be considered to be relevant .
D'Ambrosio moved into single-seaters in 2003 , winning the Belgian Formula Renault -LRB- 1.6 litre -RRB- championship , driving for former Formula One driver and compatriot Thierry Boutsen 's team .
The animals have weak musculature but maintain agility and buoyancy with little effort thanks to sophisticated statocysts -LRB- balancing organs akin to a human 's inner ear -RRB- and ammonium-rich gelatinous tissues closely matching the density of the surrounding seawater .
The Bir Tawil area came under Egyptian administration in 1902 , because it was grazing land of the Ababda tribe based near Aswan , Egypt .
Five Indiana manufacturers supplied 3.2 million ten-pound bricks to the track .
He missed one race the whole season and scored two Top 5 's and 7 Top 10 's on his way to a 20th place position in the point standings .
Anvik is located at -LRB- 62.655659 , -160.209237 -RRB- , west of the Yukon River at the mouth of the Anvik River .
As part of the new government structure in South Sudan in 2005 , Bahr al Jabal was renamed Central Equatoria .
Later , he signed with the new Germain-Arnold Racing team , finishing 4th in their debut at Richmond .
For editors that prefer this style , this template has parameters page , pages , and at .
During such revisions , sports can be excluded or included in the program on the basis of a two-thirds majority vote of the members of the IOC .
It is split horizontally into an upper red half and a lower black half .
Afterward , the band took a slot opening for Guns N ' Roses in North America on the band 's Use Your Illusion Tour .
Plant life is more diverse in the Middle Missouri but it does not have many species of fish . Finally , the Central Prairie ecoregion is situated on the lower part of the Missouri , encompassing all or parts of Missouri , Kansas , Oklahoma and Arkansas .
However on 9 December an agreement was reached with Formula One rights holder Bernie Ecclestone ensuring that the track would host the British Grand Prix until 2009 after which Donington Park would become the new host of the British Grand Prix .
Yusuke Tasaka is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kawasaki Frontale .
Gosport is located at .
No further edits should be made to this page .
They did not leave many artefacts or monuments .
Dachau was founded in the 8th century .
The NAS , NAE , and IOM are honorary membership organizations , with a total membership of over 6,000 scientists , engineers , and health professionals .
Bart 's first stunt ends in injury , and despite the family and Dr. Hibbert 's best efforts , he continues to attempt stunts .
In 2005 , Kroes was selected as `` Model of The Year '' on Vogue.com by readers and was featured on the cover of the May 2007 issue with the new crop of `` supermodels . ''
It has 24 cantons and 288 communes .
John Sheehan was appointed Marshal in 1875 , by Mayor Eli Teed .
The image to the right demonstrates this .
Bertrand 's postulate -LRB- actually a theorem -RRB- states that if n -RRB- 3 is an integer , then there always exists at least one prime number p with n 1 there is always at least one prime p such that n -LRB- p -LRB- 2n .
After a few times Eli told Samuel that the voice was God 's , and instructed Samuel on how to respond . Once Samuel responded God told him that the wickedness of the sons of Eli had resulted in their dynasty being condemned to destruction .
He stated that he came to office under `` very sad and unusual circumstances . ''
Other pages using this link should be updated to replace text with the redirect target -LRB- again , without piping -RRB- .
The campus ' office of public affairs recognizes two official names for the university : `` California State Polytechnic University , Pomona '' and `` Cal Poly Pomona '' .
She has also expressed a desire to work with director Lukas Moodysson again .
The city lost its prime importance around 2000 BC , in the context of the struggle of Babylonia with Elam , but it remained inhabited throughout the Seleucid and Parthian periods until it was finally abandoned during the Sassanid period shortly before the Islamic conquest of Mesopotamia .
Dubai 's government operates within the framework of a constitutional monarchy , and has been ruled by the Al Maktoum family since 1833 . The current ruler , Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , is also the Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and member of the Supreme Council of the Union -LRB- SCU -RRB- .
The depression turned to the northwest , dropping heavy rains on central Texas on August 6 .
Once we have the genetic representation and the fitness function defined , GA proceeds to initialize a population of solutions randomly , then improve it through repetitive application of mutation , crossover , inversion and selection operators .
With the aid of the djinni of the lamp , Aladdin becomes rich and powerful and marries Princess Badroulbadour , the Emperor 's daughter .
See the below example , where `` Sunk : '' and `` Raised : '' fields are added to the ship 's career :
Built in 1923 on the location of an older tower called Crich Stand , the Memorial Tower is the destination of an annual pilgrimage on the first Sunday in July .
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1991 .
However , local historian William Corder had already made the criticism in the 1890s ; Corder thought little of Crawford .
RPM was intended primarily for GNU\/Linux distributions ; the file format is the baseline package format of the Linux Standard Base .
In the end , Coby 's jealousy of Ian and Tom 's leadership , constant complaining and revealing too much of the tribe dynamics to Stephenie , gave him the boot and the first seat in the Jury in a 7-1-1 vote .
The electromagnetic force is one of the four fundamental forces .
Aad de Mos -LRB- born 27 March 1947 in The Hague -RRB- is a Dutch football coach , currently managing Eredivisie club Sparta Rotterdam .
These 4 topics sum up the vast majority of issues and problems faced by global civil society and will remain , according to experts , the most urgent and relevant working areas for the global community .
However , six new elite Bohrok , called the Bohrok-Kal , appeared with the purpose of releasing the Bahrag .
Like other components of the DES , the iterative nature of the Feistel construction makes implementing the cryptosystem in hardware easier -LRB- particularly on the hardware available at the time of DES ' design -RRB- .
From the day of their debut to March 19 , 2009 , the five members are estimated to have been photographed about 500 million times in magazines , albums jackets , and commercials , etc. .
In a letter to Lincoln written the following day , Everett praised the President for his eloquent and concise speech , saying , `` I should be glad if I could flatter myself that I came as near to the central idea of the occasion , in two hours , as you did in two minutes . ''
She married Emmanuel de Merode , a Belgian primatologist in 2003 .
From 450 BC these settlements were gradually taken over by the Etruscans .
Coeuve is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Abandoning his personal property , Fielding fled to London ; Oson 's seizure of Fielding 's possessions mirrors Mrs Moneywood 's threats to seize those belonging to Luckless .
During the Dry season , those rivers are reduced to a series of waterholes and sandy beds .
For eyebrows , the cycle is completed in around 4 months , while it takes the scalp 3 -- 4 years to finish ; this is the reason eyebrow hairs have a much shorter length limit compared to hairs on the head .
Ian Hicks was born in Portsmouth on the 3rd of August 1975 .
Takahiro Shimada -LRB- born 9 February 1965 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Toudon is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
On 18 September 96 , Domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy involving members of the Praetorian Guard and several of his freedmen .
The event was marred by fans rioting in Manchester city center ; these riots started after a big screen that was due to show the match had failed .
The rifle itself could be based on a standard rifle -LRB- at first , a bolt-action rifle -RRB- ; however , when fitted with a telescopic sight , it becomes a sniper rifle .
At least four other songs he recorded for Paramount have never been found .
At this point a local road -LRB- to Scout Green -RRB- runs between the two carriageways without a link to the motorway .
Subsequently Soundgarden 's Screaming Life EP was released , and the grunge phenomenon quickly followed .
The aurora borealis is sometimes visible on winter nights , weather permitting , especially at the climax of the 11 year cycle .
Sun was in Egypt to shoot a music video for her new album .
In the Greek Orthodox Church , the terms `` kathedrikos naos '' -LRB- literally : `` cathedral shrine '' -RRB- is sometimes used for the church at which an archbishop or `` metropolitan '' presides . The term `` metropolis '' -LRB- literally `` mother city '' -RRB- is used more commonly than `` diocese '' to signify an area of governance within the church .
Mont Ventoux has become legendary as the scene of one of the most gruelling climbs in the Tour de France bicycle race , which has ascended the mountain fourteen times since 1951 .
On December 10 , 2007 , media reported that DuBrow had been pronounced dead on the afternoon of November 25 , 2007 , and that the cause of death was cocaine overdose .
The Black and Tans was one of two newly recruited bodies , composed largely of British World War I veterans , employed by the Royal Irish Constabulary as Temporary Constables from 1920 to 1921 to suppress revolution in Ireland .
Under the constitution of 1868 , executive power is exercised by the Grand Duke and the cabinet , which consists of several other ministers .
She attempted to find opportunities for film work , and while unemployed , she posed for nude photographs .
Lando Calrissian is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe .
He appeared on the 29 March 2007 cover of the German Vanity Fair magazine , which included a several page spread about the cub 's life .
The cumulative ACE for the 2006 season was toward the lower end of the official `` Near Normal '' grading .
There is hyaline cartilage present in the bronchi , present as irregular rings in the larger bronchi -LRB- and not as regular as in the trachea -RRB- , and as small plates and islands in the smaller bronchi .
This list is in chronological order across the page by genus .
The population was 3,038 at the 2000 census .
The orbits these two moons follow around Saturn are much simpler than the one Cruithne follows , but operate along the same general principles .
Please remember that time spent with and number of edits to Wikipedia are not indicative of the quality of an editor 's contributions , or of their diplomatic ability .
Gustave Flaubert -LRB- December 12 , 1821 -- May 8 , 1880 -RRB- was a French writer who is counted among the greatest Western novelists .
The Royal Ontario Museum -LRB- ROM -RRB- is a museum of world culture and natural history in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The convention 's activities are called the `` program '' , which may include panel discussions , readings , autograph sessions , costume masquerades , and other events .
The car was designed by Dante Giacosa .
Atoka is a city in Atoka County , Oklahoma , United States .
Bionicle -LRB- stylized BIONICLE -RRB- is a line of toys by the LEGO Group marketed primarily for 5 - to 16-year-olds .
The per capita income for the village is $ 14,467 .
He was chief conductor of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra from 1981 until 1985 - the year he made his debut in the United Kingdom , along with pianist Evgeny Kissin , and violinists Maxim Vengerov and Vadim Repin , at The Lichfield Festival .
It was formerly listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the longest street in the world at 1896 k , and the construction of Yonge Street is designated an Event of National Historic Significance .
Today Lourdes has a population of around 15,000 but is able to take in some 5,000,000 pilgrims and tourists every season .
However , after insulting the home-town team and introducing Kane , the wrestler gave him a tombstone piledriver starting a tri-year tradition .
The coverts -LRB- shorter feathers covering the bases of the long wing feathers -RRB- were gray , contrasting the mainly white main wings .
The actual phyllogenetic position of Westlothiania is uncertain , reflecting the uncertainty of labyrinthodont phylogeny in general .
Survivor is an American version of the Survivor reality television game show , itself derived from the Swedish television series Expedition Robinson originally created in 1997 by Charlie Parsons .
Mont-d ` Origny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Also , many people would likely call a fully automatic shotgun a shotgun , even though legally it would fall into a different category .
It can also be used to reinstall the system software from the included installation DVD .
They are also known as long-horned grasshoppers , although they are more closely related to crickets than to grasshoppers .
Rush is a Canadian rock band originally formed in August 1968 , in the Willowdale neighborhood of Toronto , Ontario , currently composed of bassist , keyboardist , and lead vocalist Geddy Lee , guitarist Alex Lifeson , and drummer and lyricist Neil Peart .
Founded in 1742 , it became the provincial capital in 1840 .
They include a wide variety of pathogens , such as Escherichia , Salmonella , Vibrio , Helicobacter , and many other notable genera .
He laid out the first streets in Cary and built a sawmill , a general store and a post office -LRB- Page became the first Postmaster -RRB- .
NC 12 is a North Carolina state highway that traverses the northeastern shoreline of North Carolina , linking the islands of the Outer Banks .
Articles about trophies and awards found in the sport of ice hockey .
This astronomical ceiling represents the heavens and is painted in dark blue , with a myriad of golden five-pointed stars .
Abortion , whether therapeutic or illegal , is in the main no longer dangerous , because it is being done well by physicians . ''
Sepang International Circuit also features kart racing and motocross facilities .
European settlement led to the displacement of Aboriginal communities and the arrival of Torres Strait Islanders on the mainland .
This subtemplate of displays a metric\/imperial pair of population density values for a line in the main infobox .
They are slimy and are often seen at the edge of bodies of water with their eyes above the water .
Casals died in 1973 in San Juan , Puerto Rico , at the age of 96 and was buried at the Puerto Rico National Cemetery .
With Ozai defeated , the war quickly ends .
; body : The material contained by the template , usually a list or list of links .
Waterloo Script was created at the University of Waterloo later .
Krumbach was the capital of this district .
He also wrote introductions to compilations and many articles and translated several books from German to English .
In the year 1743 the first magistrate and mayor appointed .
Teeth discovered associated with Tenontosaurus specimens imply it was hunted or at least scavenged upon by Deinonychus .
Compacted oxide layer glaze describes the often shiny , wear-protective layer of oxide formed when two metals -LRB- or a metal and ceramic -RRB- are slid against each other at high temperature in an oxygen-containing atmosphere .
\/ \/ Replace redirects to Reflist with Reflist str = str .
She resigned her office on January 2 , 2007 in order to be sworn in to Congress on January 4 , 2007 .
Estimates based on the tunnel 's size , suggest it would have allowed approximately 2,000 KPA soldiers -LRB- one regiment -RRB- to pass through it per hour .
It was shot digitally .
The Third Punic War -LRB- Latin : Tertium Bellum Punicum -RRB- -LRB- 149 BC to 146 BC -RRB- was the third and last of the Punic Wars fought between the former Phoenician colony of Carthage , and the Roman Republic .
; 2010 On November 27 , 2009 it was announced that Peter Sauber would repurchase the team conditional upon the team receiving a FIA entry for the 2010 season .
On 13 March 1888 , a volcano erupted on Ritter Island causing a megatsunami .
It involves one or more students -LRB- also called pupils or learners in some circumstances -RRB- being taught by a teacher or instructor .
RPM was a Canadian music industry publication that featured song and album charts for Canada .
The municipality comprises the towns of Dadizele and Moorslede proper .
She was voted # 45 on FHM-US and FHM-Australia 's 100 Sexiest Women in 2000 .
In 1919 , the University of Concepcion was founded , becoming the first regional university in Chile . The University 's founder , Enrique Molina Garmendia , was also its first President and proposed that `` this new University , in addition to professional education in liberal arts and technical sciences , as required by the development of increased national wealth , will be center of information for the public , outreach , scientific research and experimentation , and the promotion of best literary , humanist and philosophical culture '' .
Paul Mariner -LRB- born 22 May 1953 -RRB- is an English football coach , manager , and retired player , who is currently with Toronto FC .
The open goods wagons were originally delivered with a single top-hung side door on each side , but these proved inefficient , and all were eventually converted to side hung double doors .
He is best known for his work with World Wrestling Entertainment as simply Daivari and with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as Sheik Abdul Bashir .
Anne enjoyed a close and happy family upbringing in Denmark , thanks largely to Queen Sophie , who tended the children herself during their illnesses .
However , the gates opened at 06:00 on September 22 as originally planned and the tournament 's first day went ahead without major disruption .
They may be either regular issues that just happen to be printed in small groups -LRB- typical of many early stamps -RRB- , or special issues often commemorating some event , such as a national anniversary , philatelic exhibition , or government program .
Adamsville is a village in Muskingum County , Ohio , United States .
Quirinus was originally most likely a Sabine god of war .
Lee was born in Daegu , the hub of Korea 's main conservative party . He graduated in 1981 with a degree in Korean Literature from Kyungpook National University in Daegu , where he spent much of his time in the theater , writing and directing plays .
Reuters quoted an unnamed Western diplomat as saying `` They -LRB- the Government of Kazakhstan -RRB- are damned if they do -LRB- respond -RRB- and damned if they do n't , '' he said .
He studied cell division and pollination , but became known as the man who discouraged Gregor Mendel from further work on genetics .
The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party -LRB- SDHP -RRB- , is the oldest of the Armenian political parties and was the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia .
Edwards and Farley also received an honorary city council membership from Jones , who had previously appeared on The Political Cesspool .
Guam , along with the rest of the Mariana and Caroline Islands , were treated as part of Spain 's colony in the Philippines . While Guam 's Chamorro culture is unique , the cultures of both Guam and the Northern Marianas were heavily influenced by Spanish culture and traditions during their 333 years of rule .
The embryo develops an `` egg tooth '' during incubation , which it uses to tear open the egg ; the tooth disappears soon after hatching .
This is to be placed at the end of a language article , in the same way as the template is used now , but for test Wikipedias on Incubator .
The god Sobek , which was depicted as a crocodile or a man with the head of a crocodile was a powerful and frightening deity ; in some Egyptian creation myths , it was Sobek who first came out of the waters of chaos to create the world .
Scorpion stings lead to paralysis and Serket 's name describes this , as it means -LRB- she who -RRB- tightens the throat , however , Serket 's name also can be read as meaning -LRB- she who -RRB- causes the throat to breathe , and so , as well as being seen as stinging the unrighteous , Serket was seen as one who could cure scorpion stings and the effects of other poisons such as snake bites .
Derwinski currently resides in Glen Ellyn , Illinois with his wife , the former Bonita Hickey .
This is a partial list of the various lists of astronomical objects .
In other folklore , the changelings are put in place of the child to feed off of the mother of the child . The kidnapped child then becomes food for the changeling 's mother .
For example , in about 5 billion years , when the Sun is a red giant , it will expand out to a maximum radius of roughly 1 A , 250 times its present size .
Herlincourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
These additions turn the material into a low alloy steel by some definitions , but AISI 's definition of carbon steel allows up to 1.65 % manganese by weight .
It is primarily low-lying , which is one explanation for the name which the French gave unto it , as Basseterre translates to `` low land '' in English .
Five days later , on the February 24 edition of SmackDown !
It was attended by approximately a thousand people including many artists he had championed .
To participate in the match , a wrestler had to first qualify for it by winning a match ; this process began on the February 23 episode of Raw , in which CM Punk qualified by defeating The Miz and John Morrison in a Triple Threat match .
In October 1987 , on its 100th anniversary , the name was changed to Yamaha Corporation .
An enquiry was held but no attempt was made to arrest Donald Traill , master of Neptune and described as a demented sadist , or bring a public prosecution against him , the other masters , or the firm of contractors .
It flows through Srinagar and the Wular lake before entering Pakistan through a deep narrow gorge .
The 2,500-strong Pakistan Coast Guard , headquartered in Karachi , is responsible for maritime law , and maintenance of seamarks , border control , anti-smuggling operations , and other services .
Teton is a city in Fremont County , Idaho , United States .
The main industries in and around Exira are agriculture and agribusiness . Exira has an elementary school , built in 1913 , and a high school , completed in 1959 .
The name Brig is derived from Briva , or `` bridge . ''
Mian Channu Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Also see : Templates to decode the various parameter `` y '' unit-codes , as listed in the special directory-index page : Special : PrefixIndex\/Template : Convert\/fout .
He is renowned for his work in mathematical physics , in particular his contributions to general relativity and cosmology .
The book focuses mostly on his life since the 1987 publication of his first autobiography , Metamorphosis : Stages in a Life .
Autremencourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The population of Zhob district is estimated to be over 500,000 in 2005 .
It took 20 days for new trees and vegetation to grow following the storms passing .
He netted 11 goals in total for the club in 46 appearances .
This is a diverse group including organisms such as coccidia , gregarines , piroplasms , hemogregarines , and plasmodia .
This article is about the county in Wales . For other uses , see Kingdom of Powys and Powys -LRB- surname -RRB- .
The station , and all trains serving it , is operated by National Express East Anglia .
Many Italian Futurists supported Fascism in the hope of modernizing a country divided between the industrialising north and the rural , archaic South .
Windows Defender , formerly known as Microsoft AntiSpyware , is a software product from Microsoft to prevent , remove , and quarantine spyware in Microsoft Windows .
Robin van Persie -LRB- ; born 6 August 1983 -RRB- is a Dutch footballer .
In 1963 the `` smiley face '' , a yellow button with two black dots representing eyes and an upturned thick curve representing a mouth , was created by freelance artist Harvey Ball .
In November 2009 , she joined Nicole The Entertainer 's Introduction to Veterinary Science .
White supremacy was also dominant in South Africa under apartheid and in parts of Europe at various time periods .
Contescourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
They derive from African traditional religions , especially of West and Central Africa , showing similarities to the Yoruba religion in particular .
They are facultatively aerobic , but do not produce oxygen in the process of producing energy from light , or phototrophy .
Bahrain fought off fierce competition from elsewhere in the region to stage the race , with Egypt , Lebanon and the United Arab Emirates all hoping for the prestige of hosting a Formula One Grand Prix .
The Swiss Federal Office for Statistics generates code numbers with up to four digits , which are sequentially assigned in accordance with the official order of the cantons , districts , and municipalities .
Wagoner County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Three years later , in South Africa during the Second Boer War , Baden-Powell was besieged in the small town of Mafeking by a much larger Boer army -LRB- the Siege of Mafeking -RRB- .
In 1998 , he was ranked number 76 on The Hockey News list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players .
Maldonado secured a full-time drive in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series with Draco Racing in 2006 .
Tamamo-no-Mae 's legend forms the basis of both the noh drama Sessho-seki -LRB- `` The Killing Stone '' -RRB- and the kabuki play Tamamo-no-Mae -LRB- or The Beautiful Fox Witch -RRB- .
The New York Times wrote that Cuba had `` probably suffered the greatest material disaster in all its history '' .
Alfred Harmsworth sold the newspaper to his brother Harold Harmsworth -LRB- from 1914 Lord Rothermere -RRB- in 1913 .
Ten years after leaving office , in January 1983 , Agnew paid the state of Maryland nearly $ 270,000 as a result of a civil suit that stemmed from the bribery allegations .
It defeated Ash 's Staravia and Chimchar , but was knocked out along with Ash 's Buizel , resulting in a tie .
Others , such as wallabies and kangaroos -LRB- macropods , 8 species -RRB- , are active in the cooler parts of the day and are easier to see .
The flavor company may also employ application specialists who work to ensure the flavor will work in the application for which it is intended . This may require special flavor delivery technologies that are used to protect the flavor during processing or cooking so that the flavor is only released when eaten by the end consumer .
The name literally means up land , a name which is commonly encountered in especially older English literature .
In 1912 , he joined the Quebec Bulldogs , then in the National Hockey Association -LRB- NHA -RRB- .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Portland Trail Blazers .
Tarvos , or Saturn XXI , is a prograde irregular satellite of Saturn .
The Adelaide Football Club -LRB- nicknamed The Crows -RRB- is an Australian rules football club playing in the Australian Football League , based in Adelaide , South Australia .
Brdar kept the documents until 2001 , when he transferred them to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum , with the help of SFOR and the government of Republika Srpska .
Examples of biennial plants are parsley , Lunaria , silverbeet , Sweet William , colic weed , and carrot .
Mendeleev is thought to be the youngest of either 11 , 13 , 14 or 17 siblings ; the exact number differs among sources .
Vulcan also had a temple on the Campus Martius , which was in existence by 214 BC .
In 1914 he returned to the Reichstag .
Usucha , or thin tea , is prepared with approximately 1.75 grams -LRB- amounting to 1.5 heaping chashaku scoop , or about half a teaspoon i.e. level teaspoon -RRB- of matcha and approximately 75 ml -LRB- 2.5 oz -RRB- of hot water per serving , which can be whisked to produce froth or not , according to the drinker 's preference -LRB- or to the traditions of the particular school of tea -RRB- .
Thus , noon is associated with heaven , order and life .
Page-dependent magic words will affect or return data about the current page , even if the word is added through a transcluded template or included system message .
The President of Romania is the head of state of Romania .
Berck , sometimes referred to as Berck-sur-Mer , is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
The SI unit of electric potential is the volt -LRB- in honor of Alessandro Volta -RRB- , which is why electric potential is also known as voltage .
It has the best SAT scores of any school in the area .
Significant and benevolent or charitable impact on the art and industry of animation .
Cardiac muscle is similar to skeletal muscle in both composition and action , being made up of myofibrils of sarcomeres , but anatomically different in that the muscle fibers are typically branched like a tree and connect to other cardiac muscle fibers through intercalcated discs , and form the appearance of a syncytium .
From September 4 , 1995 , the Mall became a venue for live television for the first time .
The railway continued to be an important employer in the Town until its abandonment in 1988 , although its economic significance declined gradually throughout the twentieth century .
In 1963 , author Gore Vidal wrote a piece on the Tarzan series that , while pointing out several of the deficiencies that the Tarzan books have as works of literature , praises Edgar Rice Burroughs for creating a compelling `` daydream figure '' .
Featuring lyrics written by frontman Chris Cornell and music written by guitarist Kim Thayil , `` Hunted Down '' was released in June 1987 as the band 's first single .
The European powers had control of other parts of Asia by the 1900s , such as British India , French Indochina and Portuguese Macau and Goa .
Bash at the Beach was a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- .
It can be seen at St Stephen 's Vienna , Sainte Chapelle in Paris , at the Cathedrals of Limoges and Rouen in France , and at Milan Cathedral in Italy .
Eventually Arbaete was dropped and it has been called Asmara , though there is still a zone called Arbaete Asmara .
According to the organization Human Rights in China , Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp .
Today , Tulip festivals are held around the world , including in The Netherlands , Spalding , England . Every spring , there are several tulip festivals in North America , including the Tulip Time Festival in Holland , Michigan , the Skagit Valley Tulip Festival in Skagit Valley , Washington , the Tulip Time Festival in Orange City and Pella , Iowa , and the Canadian Tulip Festival in Ottawa , Canada .
Anne was born on 12 December 1574 at the castle of Skanderborg , on the Jutland Peninsula in the Kingdom of Denmark .
Today , 14 undergraduates from the Choir of King 's College , Cambridge , sing the men 's parts .
A new center of circulation began forming later on July 4 , over the Gulf of Mexico , to the north of the original center .
This can stand alone , though newcomers to the series will race back to the first two volumes and eagerly await a fourth installment . ''
They had one daughter , Pascale , born in 1932 .
Alexander invited all the chieftains of the former satrapy of Gandhara to come to him and submit to his authority .
Ballmer joined Microsoft on June 11 , 1980 , and became Microsoft 's 30th employee , the first business manager hired by Gates . Ballmer loved working at Microsoft .
However , many cryptanalysts believe that once implementation considerations are taken into account the XSL attack would be more expensive than a brute force attack .
She later explained that `` what hurt at Binghamton was that while I was trying to stand up for us being treated the same as men , the other girls held the tournament draw without me .
When a muscle atrophies , this leads to muscle weakness , since the ability to exert force is related to mass. .
In early August , Morphy wrote asking Staunton when the match could occur , and Staunton asked again for a delay of some weeks .
The order is subdivided in three families : the Psittacidae -LRB- ` true ' parrots -RRB- , the Cacatuidae -LRB- cockatoos -RRB- and the Strigopidae -LRB- New Zealand parrots -RRB- .
His mother thought it would be better for him if he played as a goalkeeper , since he would not sweat and the possibility of him getting injured was less likely .
Grand Canyon West Airport is ...
Wachtebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
The gossip was fueled by ardent , yet by all accounts innocent , letters written to Rasputin by the Tsarina and the four grand duchesses which were released by Rasputin and which circulated throughout society .
A test tunnel from Tottenham to Manor House under Seven Sisters Road had been constructed in 1959 and this was later integrated into the running tunnels .
Today the town has many groups coming to enjoy the simple peace of St. Francis .
In their two seasons , Seattle has sold out every league match , set MLS records for average attendance , and led the league in season ticket sales .
The Gentleman 's Magazine was launched in 1731 and soon became the most influential and most imitated periodical of its time .
Digital signatures can also provide non-repudiation , meaning that the signer can not successfully claim they did not sign a message , while also claiming their private key remains secret ; further , some non-repudiation schemes offer a time stamp for the digital signature , so that even if the private key is exposed , the signature is valid nonetheless .
Recorded and released in 1971 , the album tended toward songs that were gentler , more commercial and less avant-garde than those on his critically acclaimed previous album , John Lennon\/Plastic Ono Band .
Marshfield Dreams : When I Was a Kid is a memoir written by the American writer , poet and educational consultant Ralph Fletcher , it covers his life from birth to age thirteen when his family moved from Marshfield , Massachusetts to Chicago .
Hideki Nagai -LRB- born 26 January 1971 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Beaupuy is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in south-western France .
The song is the opening track on The Beatles ' September 1969 album Abbey Road .
He was the General Secretary of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party -LRB- PSOE -RRB- from 1974 to 1997 .
Numerous fragments of his thirty-seven volume treatise On Nature have been found among the charred papyrus fragments at the Villa of the Papyri at Herculaneum .
Bands located 80 k to 150 k from a cyclone 's center migrate outward .
East Pakistan suffered a genocide of its Bengali population .
Over one hundred letters addressed to Cassandra from Jane have survived .
Space Invaders , Space Invaders Part II and Return of the Invaders are included in Taito Legends , a compilation of Taito 's classic arcade games released in 2005 on the PlayStation 2 , Xbox , and PC .
Moving a distracting tag-box can vastly improve the readability for readers , who might otherwise become alarmed and distracted by a 2-year-old gripe box someone threw on the page , unopposed , years ago , giving the impression that the tag-box must be read to avoid critically dangerous information in an article .
John Hagee is the chief executive officer -LRB- CEO -RRB- of his non-profit corporation , Global Evangelism Television -LRB- GETV -RRB- .
The game also features co-operative play -LRB- co-op -RRB- which allows players to complete the story based single player mode together .
Edward was created Prince of Wales in June 1471 , following Edward IV 's restoration to the throne , and in 1473 was established at Ludlow Castle on the Welsh Marches as nominal president of a newly-created Council of Wales and the Marches .
The Captain is forced to convene an immediate court-martial , and the officers find Billy guilty and sentence him to hang .
By 2005 , some experts maintained that the dangers of ActiveX have been overstated and there were safeguards in place .
PDF is most commonly used to refer to a type of Portable Document Format in computing .
An old man , George Bernard Shaw , was swimming naked holding onto a buoy .
The county administration is in Oslo , which is not part of the county per se .
Yoghurt , yogurt or yogourt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
Lele soon falls in love with Alice and at the end of the season 2 Lele and Alice get married .
Albatrosses lay a single subelliptical egg , white with reddish brown spots , in a breeding season ; if the egg is lost to predators or accidentally broken , then no further breeding attempts are made that year .
It has also `` been found to improve the yield from grapevines if planted along the rows , particularly if the terrain is rocky or sandy , and the soil is not as easy to work as it might be . ''
Its diet consists primarily of seeds , other plant material and invertebrates .
Harnett County is a member of the regional Mid-Carolina Council of Governments .
Later that day , it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Darby , and was upgraded to a hurricane on July 28 .
Of note in this season is an unusual spree of very intense storms .
Bermicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Its first members included Joseph Conrad , Elizabeth Craig , George Bernard Shaw , and H.G. Wells .
Twenty-three tornadoes were reported in association with Alicia . Fourteen of those were located in the Galveston and Hobby Airport area .
Approximately one-fifth of Pakistan 's total land area was underwater , approximately 796,095 k. According to Pakistani government data the floods directly affected about 20 million people , mostly by destruction of property , livelihood and infrastructure , with a death toll of close to 2,000 .
`` If we succeed in establishing the text of -LRB- the archetype -RRB- , the constitutio -LRB- reconstruction of the original -RRB- is considerably advanced .
Characters are sometimes added to emoticons to convey a anime or manga-styled sweat drop , for example : ^ _ ^ ' or ! -RRB-
Werdau is a town in Germany , part of the Landkreis Zwickau in the administrative region of Chemnitz , the Free State of Saxony .
There has been a recent growth in online publications and blogs .
Rather , a good S-box will have the property that changing one input bit will change about half of the output bits -LRB- or an avalanche effect -RRB- .
Silicon Valley is also home to the high-tech superstore retail chain Fry 's Electronics .
Service routes were now Hackney to Wandsworth or Tooting , Leyton to Westminster , Highbury to Waterloo or Norbury and Archway to Kennington .
Maturation may occur in the mollusc or vertebrate host .
The Western United States , commonly referred to as the American West or simply `` the West , '' traditionally refers to the region comprising the westernmost states of the United States .
May I suggest the beginning of a solution ?
In 1970 , a system with four lines was laid out and planned as part of the British consultants ' new report , Hong Kong Mass Transit : Further Studies .
The band 's lineup was completed when Will Champion joined to take up percussion duties .
Lee Min-Sung -LRB- born 23 June 1973 -RRB- is a former South Korean football player and coach who currently works for Yongin City FC .
In earlier episodes , Yeardley Smith did many of Maggie 's squeaks , cries , laughs and occasional speaking parts , although in the later seasons her parts are done by Nancy Cartwright .
On the door was transcribed the secret formula for producing gold discovery in those years in alchemical laboratory of queen Christina .
Perdita 's discovery was complicated .
Structural engineering has existed since humans first started to construct their own structures .
With only one official tropical cyclone , the 1914 season was the least active Atlantic hurricane season on record .
FitzGerald hoped that he would take over as Minister for Finance , particularly after a good performance in a pre-election debate with the actual Minister for Finance , George Colley .
Roux 's investigations were performed mainly on frogs ' eggs to research the earliest structures in amphibian development .
Courbet was allowed to pay the fine in yearly installments of 10,000 francs for the next 33 years , until his 91st birthday .
This name is used to distinguish it from Rostov on Don , which is now a much larger city .
In the late 20th and early 21st century , many objects similar to Pluto were discovered in the outer Solar System , notably the scattered disc object Eris in 2005 , which is 27 % more massive than Pluto .
After the Slovaks issued their Declaration of Independence , he resigned as president on 20 July , saying he would not preside over the country 's breakup .
London City Airport DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway which serves the London City Airport . It opened on 2 December 2005 .
The purpose of the conference was to inform administrative leaders of Departments responsible for various policies relating to Jews , that Reinhard Heydrich had been appointed as the chief executor of the `` Final solution to the Jewish question '' .
This 8 bar section was later used by Schubert as theme for a set of variations forming the second movement of the Wanderer Fantasy .
This template makes the font smaller .
Didius Julianus however offered 25,000 to each soldier to win the auction and was proclaimed Emperor by the Roman Senate on 28 March .
He was selected by the Blackhawks with the third overall pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft .
The key schedule , however , is more complex , expanding the key using an essentially one-way function with the binary expansions of both e and the golden ratio as sources of `` nothing up my sleeve numbers '' .
She joined the Heritage Society at Oxford University and sang with a group called Mistral .
On 1 October 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the Grameen Bank -LRB- Village Bank -RRB- to make loans to poor Bangladeshis .
The Blue Camp , a pun on Barcelona 's Nou Camp , found little favor .
In the first Immunity Challenge , the younger Ulong struggled as Jolanda insisted to take everything in the supply dump , leaving the elderly Koror -LRB- who only took the flint -RRB- with the lead and eventually win the challenge .
In Wales , the counties of Merioneth and Glamorgan are occasionally referred to with the `` shire '' suffix .
Skype is a secure communication ; encryption can not be disabled , and is invisible to the user . Skype reportedly uses non-proprietary , widely trusted encryption techniques : RSA for key negotiation and the Advanced Encryption Standard to encrypt conversations .
If you continue to do so , you will be blocked from editing .
They tended to sympathies with Union during the civil war .
It suggests that consciousness can be considered separately from the brain , which provides a basis for claims of reincarnation .
At the time the structure was named the Albany Bridge .
Timberlake made a cameo in the video for Nelly Furtado and Timbaland 's single `` Promiscuous '' , released on May 3 , 2006 .
Las Vegas was established as a railroad town on May 15 , 1905 , when 110 acres -LRB- 44.5 ha -RRB- owned by the San Pedro , Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad , was auctioned off in what is now downtown Las Vegas .
The Chinese later occupied Outer Mongolia and Tuva and sent a battalion to the North Russian Campaign as part of their anti-Bolshevik efforts .
Villette-sur-Ain is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Oklahoma Technology and Research Park , a joint initiative of the City of Stillwater , Meridian Technology Center and Oklahoma State University , is located in Stillwater .
The few sources that provide insight into this period often conflict .
If a subcategory is selected and templates are being grouped into , the subcategory is ignored as only supports the standard template .
However , the former Prime Minister goes to his office three days a week .
Castorimorpha is the suborder of rodents containing the beavers , the pocket gophers , and the kangaroo rats and mice .
Friedrich Ebert -LRB- 4 February 1871 - 28 February 1925 -RRB- was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- SPD -RRB- .
A few laugh and taunt him .
Soldotna is located on the banks of the Kenai River on the Kenai Peninsula of Alaska . It is named after nearby Soldotna Creek .
In early 1506 , he returned to Venice and stayed there until the spring of 1507 .
To request review of this BRFA , please start a new section at .
Biden was also a long-time member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .
Queen Sophie was a loving mother , nursing her children personally during their illnesses .
No progress has been observed in the POP4 specification since 2003 .
Ekimyan was also a General of Soviet militsia -LRB- police -RRB- and was the head of Criminal Investigation Department of Moscow region .
Serial numbers are often used in network protocols .
Ltd. , these comprised six different types , all the same size , being 39 f long , 6 f wide , -LRB- 7 f over steps -RRB- and 8 f high -- large by narrow gauge standards -- and certainly superior to any previous British narrow gauge stock .
Australian spelling generally follows conventions of British English .
Sometimes , they were reduced to echoing a form from the great sculptures : thus one finds numerous copies in miniature of the Tyche -LRB- good luck -RRB- of Antioch , of which the original dates to the beginning of the 3rd century BC .
Compared with red miso , white miso has a very short brewing time .
In 1944 , he was also commissioned by Yehudi Menuhin to write a Sonata for Solo Violin .
It takes its name from the street it was built on which , in itself , had a remarkable history .
These cause a twisting motion which allows the spirochaete to move about .
Their sound draws on several musical genres , including pop , alternative rock , indie rock , and folk .
When Lady Byng died in 1949 the NHL presented another trophy and changed the official name to the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy .
Brands , Inc. , it specializes in Mexican-style food .
There were further plans for expansion which would have taken the stadium 's capacity to 45,000 , but these were put on hold following City 's relegation from the Premier League in 1996 .
Xena : Warrior Princess is an American supernatural fantasy adventure series that aired in syndication from September 4 , 1995 until June 18 , 2001 .
He and William Dawes were instructed by Dr. Joseph Warren to ride from Boston to Lexington to warn John Hancock and Samuel Adams of the movements of the British Army , which was beginning a march from Boston to Lexington , ostensibly to arrest Hancock and Adams and seize the weapons stores in Concord .
In the Action Set configuration of the NES in the late 1980s , Duck Hunt was included with Super Mario Bros. .
Upon the death of a Knight , the banner , helm , mantling and crest are taken down .
A small airport -LRB- Bondangora Airport -RRB- for private planes exists twelve kilometres east of Wellington .
It was first printed in 1712 in the Georgian capital Tbilisi .
Ludwigsstadt is a municipality in the district of Kronach , in Bavaria , Germany .
In 1485 , by the Leipziger division , the brothers split the Wettin possessions , with Ernest receiving northern Meissen , southern Thuringia , and Wittenberg , and Albert receiving northern Thuringia and southern Meissen .
On October 29 , Baseball America named Mauer its 2009 Major League Player of the Year .
Karolina Bock was married twice .
Neuve-Maison is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The term Fatimite is sometimes used to refer to the citizens of this caliphate .
An article notes at the release of Internet Explorer 7 in October 2006 that `` IE6 had the lion 's share of the browser market with 77.22 % .
Since opposite ends of magnets are attracted , the north pole of a magnet is attracted to the south pole of another magnet .
Hair straightening is a hair styling technique which involves the flattening and straightening of hair in order to give it a smooth , streamlined , and ` sleek ' appearance .
The CHED was established on May 18 , 1994 through Republic Act No. 7722 or the Higher Education Act of 1994 which was authored by Senator Francisco Tatad .
It is situated on the river Zwickauer Mulde , 14 km southeast of Zwickau .
The average passing percentage for the HKCEE and HKALE is above 90 % .
Haute-Avesnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Editors are therefore encouraged to upload their own images , releasing them under the GFDL , CC-BY-SA , or other free licenses .
The airport owes its prosperity to its location on the Great Circle Route , or major air corridor , between Europe and the East Coast of the United States .
He later won the OVW Heavyweight Championship from `` The Machine '' Doug Basham before losing the belt to The Prototype -LRB- John Cena -RRB- .
These surveys , collectively referred to as the Kitava Study , found that this population apparently did not suffer from stroke , ischemic heart disease , diabetes , obesity or hypertension .
However , due to anti-English sentiment during the War of 1812 , the name was changed to Huntsville to honor John Hunt , who had been forced to move to other land south of the new city .
Masahiro Okamoto is a Japanese football player currently playing for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
The enteric nervous system is sometimes considered part of the autonomic nervous system , and sometimes considered an independent system .
The River Irwell is a 39 m long river which flows through the Irwell Valley in the counties of Lancashire and Greater Manchester in North West England .
Channing is best remembered for originating , on Broadway , the musical-comedy roles of bombshell Lorelei Lee in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes , and matchmaking widow Dolly Gallagher Levi in Hello , Dolly !
The continent of Gondwana was named by Austrian scientist , Eduard Suess , after the Gondwana region of central northern India -LRB- from Sanskrit gondavana `` forest of the Gonds '' -RRB- , from which the Gondwana sedimentary sequences -LRB- Permian-Triassic -RRB- are also described .
Chacrise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It can be found in mangrove ecosystems and mudflats of East Africa and Madagascar east through the Sundarbans of Bengal , South East Asia to Northern Australia , southeast China and southern Japan , up to Samoa and Tonga Islands .
Depending on how cold the surrounding environment , a snowball might require much longer to melt , even years longer in permafrost conditions .
For energy-conversion heating devices their peak steady-state thermal efficiency is often stated , e.g. , ` this furnace is 90 % efficient ' , but a more detailed measure of seasonal energy effectiveness is the Annual Fuel Utilization Efficiency -LRB- AFUE -RRB- .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
The family was placed in the Rosid clade , but not classified in an order , by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group -LRB- APG -RRB- .
A V10 engine is a V engine with 10 cylinders in two banks of five with a distinct exhaust note .
The Kansas City Spurs were a soccer team who played in the North American Soccer League , based in Kansas City , Missouri .
Berry is a city in Harrison County , Kentucky , United States .
After taking a belly to back suplex from Saito , Misawa lost consciousness and was taken to a hospital .
Within `` D '' Department , Young delivered all the Home Secretary had hoped for , a success that only alienated the hierarchy even further .
\/ \/ one easy way is to flag them with a character which should never be used , \/ \/ but if it is already present we have a problem , so let 's just quit .
Taylor was a member of the Dawn and Dusk Club , an association of bohemians and intellectuals that included the writer Henry Lawson .
Other less commonly seen mammals include the mountain lion and wolverine .
According to Weidemann , Cornelius described the tune as a `` Viennese folk tune '' .
The storm made landfall in southwestern Florida at maximum strength , thus making it the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Hurricane Andrew struck Florida twelve years before , in 1992 .
References to pug-like dogs have been documented as early as 551 BCE by Confucius , who described a type of `` short mouthed dog '' .
The item it adores collecting the most , however , are coins , since they are both round and shiny .
Four TV broadcast-based manga series exist to date with two new ones coming in the future .
These interactions are often neglected if the spatial overlap of the electron wavefunctions is low .
Finally , fast local hard disk can also cache information held on even slower data storage devices , such as remote servers -LRB- web cache -RRB- or local tape drives or optical jukeboxes .
The couple separated in 1970 .
The decision ended Sompote 's bid to continue his enterprise , and the court gave Sompote 30 days to stop profiteering from Ultraman .
His younger sister , Cory , is worried about him because he started acting differently .
Jell-O is a brand name belonging to U.S.-based Kraft Foods for a number of gelatin desserts , including fruit gels , puddings and no-bake cream pies .
Resilience is the property of a material to absorb energy when it is deformed elastically and then , upon unloading to have this energy recovered .
Pioneering scholarly works on the Viking Age began to reach a small readership in Britain .
Blackcurrant -LRB- Ribes nigrum -RRB- is a species of Ribes berry native to central and northern Europe and northern Asia , and is a perennial .
Although it is now difficult to be certain , the scales , claws , some protective armor and the beaks of dinosaurs were probably composed of keratin .
During these one thousand and one nights , the King had fallen in love with Scheherazade , and had three sons with her .
The Dominican Republic is a country with many mountains , and the highest peaks of the West Indies are found here .
In some systems , however , multiple layers of encryption are used , in which case the output of one encryption algorithm becomes plaintext input for the next .
They become pathological or piles when swollen or inflamed .
There was a significant portion of the ANC who therefore turned to violence in order to achieve their goals .
William A. `` Billy '' Cundiff -LRB- born March 30 , 1980 in Valley Center , California -RRB- is an American football placekicker for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
This directly ascribes ` Perys Ploughman ' to one ` Willielmi de Langlond ' , son of ` Stacy de Rokayle , who died in Shipton-under-Wichwood , a tenant of the Lord Spenser in the county of Oxfordshire ' .
After the second World War Bad Aibling evolved into a major center for intelligence organizations and secret services .
The annual World Professional Dancesport Championship is often held in Blackpool -LRB- 4 times between 1989 and 2005 -RRB- , but is not connected with the Dance Festival .
Geneva is home to the University of Geneva , founded by John Calvin in 1559 .
Slidell is a city situated on the northeast shore of Lake Pontchartrain in St. Tammany Parish , Louisiana , United States .
The European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo , EULEX Kosovo , is a deployment of European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- police and civilian resources to Kosovo .
On April 13 , 2008 , James , along with Layla , Melina and Kelly Kelly , appeared in an episode of Celebrity Fit Club Boot Camp .
Masahiko Kimura was a Japanese judoka -LRB- Judo practitioner -RRB- who is widely considered one of the greatest judoka of all time .
The Kea is one of the few alpine parrots in the world .
The sketch depicted a middle-aged bald man with an arrow on his head .
I do n't know why it was silver , it just sounded better than Maxwell 's hammer .
Jules Jean Baptiste Vincent Bordet -LRB- 13 June 1870 -- 6 April 1961 -RRB- was a Belgian immunologist and microbiologist .
Musicians such as Stevie Ray Vaughan contributed by using various types of guitar sounds like southern slide guitar and different melodies of blues and jazz .
Originally he was a mathematics professor , teaching at the University of Lausanne .
Westminster is an area of central London , within the City of Westminster , England .
Inspired by Richmond Palace , he also included a recreation center with a bowling green , tennis courts , a pit for cock fighting -LRB- now the site of the Cabinet Office , 70 Whitehall -RRB- and a tiltyard for jousting .
In his paper Observations of two persistent degrees on a thermometer , he recounted his experiments showing that the melting point of ice is essentially unaffected by pressure .
Specialized also allows more prefixes and suffixes , which has allowed some words to be removed from the core list .
Union and Confederate units fought a battle at Columbus , Georgia before the April 16 , 1865 surrender and a small final battle at Palmito Ranch , Texas on May 12 , 1865 . In areas more distant from the main theaters of operations , Confederate forces in Alabama and Mississippi under Lieutenant General Richard Taylor , in Arkansas under Brigadier General M. Jeff Thompson , in Louisiana and Texas under General E. Kirby Smith and in Indian Territory under Brigadier General Stand Watie surrendered on May 4 , 1865 , May 12 , 1865 , May 26 , 1865 -LRB- officially June 2 , 1865 -RRB- and June 28 , 1865 , respectively .
-LRB- The basset horn also often sounds an octave and a fifth lower . -RRB-
There also seems to have been widespread migration of the Aramaeans - possibly from the South-East .
It launched 100 k of ash into the upper atmosphere , which caused 1816 to be the `` year without a summer '' .
Other technical changes that are important to the entire mediawiki software or changes to article space will always be more important than keeping the userspace top icons working .
Hand-drawn , local tattoo flash was largely replaced by professional `` flash artists '' who produced prints of copyrighted flash and sold them at conventions or through the Internet . By the turn of the new century -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , most tattoo studios have become custom shops with the flash serving as more of a reference for ideas .
Abstract things are sometimes defined as those things that do not exist in reality or exist only as sensory experiences , like the color red .
In November 1969 -LRB- until 1970 -RRB- Young was seconded to be the last Inspector-General and the first Chief Constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary .
A Google spokesperson explains , `` This is just a test , and a way for us to gauge whether our users will like an even simpler search interface . ''
He ruled from 1377 until he was deposed in 1399 .
Vaccines do not guarantee complete protection from a disease .
Thus , in later versions of the story the ram is said to have been the offspring of the sea god Poseidon and Themisto -LRB- less often , Nephele or Theophane -RRB- .
In eastern Africa , the valley divides into two , the Western Rift Valley and the Eastern Rift Valley .
He was re-elected in 1869 and held the office until March 3 , 1875 , serving in the 38th , 39th , 40th , 41st , 42nd , and 43rd congresses .
The tower was constructed by South Korean company , Samsung Engineering & Construction , which also did work on the Petronas Twin Towers and Taipei 101 .
Chamoson is a municipality in the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Balukas was not just talented at pool but was an all-around good athlete .
The founding constituents of Ambrosia were reared in Southern California in the area known as The South Bay , later adopting San Pedro as their hometown .
A famous 17th-century painting by Peter Paul Rubens depicts the proxy marriage of Marie de Medici .
There are no set methods for ranking institutions in the Philippines . Aside from comparisons in terms of accreditation , autonomy , and centers of excellence awarded by the Commission on Higher Education -LRB- CHED -RRB- , there are attempts to rank schools based on performance in board exams conducted by the Professional Regulation Commission -LRB- PRC -RRB- .
Under Mac OS X 10.1 , a PowerPC G3 processor , 128 MB of RAM , and 25 MB of free space is required .
His power is evident from the beginning of the series ; specifically , Harry shows immediate command of a broomstick , produces a Patronus at an early age , and survives several confrontations with Voldemort .
The concept of `` art rock '' has also sometimes been used to refer to the `` progressive rock '' bands which became popular in the 1970s . Allmusic states that `` Progressive rock and art rock are two almost interchangeable terms describing a mostly British attempt to elevate rock music to new levels of artistic credibility . ''
Leonardo was a contemporary of Botticelli , Domenico Ghirlandaio and Perugino , who were all slightly older than he was .
Although she is best known for science fiction and fantasy , the only unusual element of this novel is that it takes place in the imaginary Central European country of Orsinia , which is also the setting of her collection Orsinian Tales .
In basketball , tube socks are worn , and in lacrosse , mid-calf socks are required . In football , knee socks are used .
Currently , besides his political activism , Khan is also a philanthropist and cricket commentator .
Burrows can also range in complexity from a simple tube a few centimeters long to a complex network of interconnecting tunnels and chambers hundreds or thousands of meters in total length , such as a well-developed rabbit warren .
The name Yehudi means ` Jew ' in Hebrew .
The Labor Party is a centre-left democratic socialist political party in the United Kingdom .
It was discovered by the German astronomer Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers on March 29 , 1807 , and named after the Roman virgin goddess of home and hearth , Vesta .
The Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye , was signed on 10 September 1919 by the victorious Allies of World War I on the one hand and by the new Republic of Austria on the other .
Magnesium is the 11th most abundant element by mass in the human body ; its ions are essential to all living cells , where they play a major role in manipulating important biological polyphosphate compounds like ATP , DNA , and RNA .
Although hypertrophy and hyperplasia are two distinct processes , they frequently occur together , such as in the case of the hormonally-induced proliferation and enlargement of the cells of the uterus during pregnancy .
Similar to the Medieval recorders , and unlike the Baroque style recorders typically used today , Renaissance recorders have a wide , more or less cylindrical bore . They have powerful low notes -LRB- much more so than the Baroque recorders -RRB- .
Mumia Abu-Jamal -LRB- born Wesley Cook on April 24 , 1954 -RRB- is an American who was found guilty of and sentenced to death for the December 9 , 1981 murder of Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner .
Josquin des Prez , for example , himself set more than one version of the Ave Maria .
The Mississippi River from the confluence of the Ohio River to its mouth at the Gulf of Mexico is called the Lower Mississippi River .
One day , when the pianist failed to arrive by show time , Basie took his place .
The trustees raised his salary to $ 800 with an additional $ 100 to serve as the college 's librarian , a post which required one hour of work per day .
Dango are eaten year-round , but the different varieties are traditionally eaten in given seasons .
Troma Films , under their 50th St. Films banner , distributed the dub of the film co-produced by Jerry Beck .
Tectonic studies are also important for understanding erosion patterns in geomorphology and as guides for the economic geologist searching for petroleum and metallic ores .
SeaMonkey consists of a web browser -LRB- SeaMonkey Navigator -RRB- , which is a descendant of the Netscape family , an e-mail and news client program -LRB- SeaMonkey Mail & Newsgroups , which shares code with Mozilla Thunderbird -RRB- , an HTML editor -LRB- SeaMonkey Composer -RRB- and an IRC client -LRB- ChatZilla -RRB- .
Washington Luiz Pereira dos Santos -LRB- born 10 April 1975 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The expansion of copyright and copyright term are mirrored in the rhetoric that has been employed in referring to copyright .
Juan Luis Mora Palacios -LRB- born July 12 , 1973 in Aranjuez , Community of Madrid -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
The name amphetamine is derived from its chemical name alpha-methylphenethylamine .
Conservator of Special Collections for the MIT Libraries .
Cooper employs 13,311 employees .
Newgrounds is an American entertainment and social media website .
deposed in Second Schleswig War and resigned by Treaty of Vienna .
The Tale of Peter Rabbit is a children 's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter that follows mischievous and disobedient young Peter Rabbit as he is chased about the garden of Mr. McGregor .
However , if the attacker was a noble , safely ensconced in a castle -LRB- as was often the case -RRB- , the town commune could not muster the forces to attack him directly .
A nationwide census , known as Census 2001 , was conducted in the United Kingdom on Sunday , 29 April 2001 .
M \* A \* S \* H is an American television series developed by Larry Gelbart , adapted from the 1970 feature film MASH -LRB- which was itself based on the 1968 novel MASH : A Novel About Three Army Doctors , by Richard Hooker -RRB- .
Yasuhiro Kamata -LRB- born 11 June 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The center of population of Rhode Island is located in Cranston .
The luminosity has increased in a nearly linear fashion to the present , increasing by 1 % every 110 million years .
Their huts are circular with conical thatched roofs , and fairly broad verandas all round .
The sauce using egg yolks and butter appeared in the 19th century .
It was more than a billion dollars in debt at the time , and losing 250 million dollars a year .
As an aid to template users , certain checks are made to verify that the necessary parameters have been entered .
The first three Iowa Great Places -LRB- Coon Rapids , Clinton and Sioux City -RRB- were each awarded $ 1 million in seed money by the Iowa legislature . In September 2007 , Coon Rapids was also awarded a $ 1.7 million Vision Iowa grant .
Following the 1966 season , Switzer moved to the University of Oklahoma as an assistant coach under new Head Coach and good friend Jim Mackenzie .
In Boccaccio 's Decameron a memorably morbid tale -LRB- novella V -RRB- tells of Lisabetta , whose brothers slay her lover .
Charmoille is a village and a former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Furthermore , these bodies may expand -LRB- by insertion of additional lipids -RRB- , and under excessive expansion may undergo spontaneous splitting which preserves the same size and composition of lipids in the two progenies .
There are approximately 15 subspecies with differing geographical distributions .
A tiny fishing town until 1958 , Nouakchott was mentioned little during pre-colonial and colonial history .
Following the death of Schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the Amadeus Quartet disbanded .
However , this is an encyclopedia and the articles are intended to be serious , so please do n't make joke edits .
Its capital is Chiba City .
Simon Woolley of Operation Black Vote has said the 2008 Mayoral campaign has seen the media pursue a `` wholly disproportionate '' focus on Jasper , Doreen Lawrence -LRB- Livingstone supporter and mother of Stephen Lawrence -RRB- , and others .
The racial makeup of the city was 51.12 % White , 0.58 % African American , 0.94 % Native American , 0.94 % Asian , 0.11 % Pacific Islander , 43.27 % from other races , and 3.03 % from two or more races .
Girolamo Savonarola -LRB- Ferrara , 21 September 1452 -- 23 May 1498 , Florence -RRB- was an Italian Dominican friar and an influential contributor to the politics of Florence from 1494 until his execution in 1498 .
At the age of thirteen he enrolled at the University of Basel , and in 1723 , received his Master of Philosophy with a dissertation that compared the philosophies of Descartes and Newton .
After the qualifying session for the British Grand Prix Mario Theissen announced that the team had decided to halt further development KERS ; of which BMW had been one of the strongest proponents , and focus instead on improving the car 's aerodynamics .
Bayne began racing go-karts at the age of five .
Beaufort County is a member of the Mid-East Commission regional council of governments .
The text inside the floating-table is sized by style = `` font-size :86 % '' -LRB- similar in size to the regular image captions -RRB- .
It is part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , Ascension and Tristan da Cunha which also includes Ascension Island and the islands of Tristan da Cunha .
The group comprised Ben Folds -LRB- vocals , piano , and principal songwriting -RRB- , Robert Sledge -LRB- bass guitar and backing vocals -RRB- , and Darren Jessee -LRB- drums , backing vocals and co-writer for some songs -RRB- .
The early period of Marathi theater was dominated by playwrights like Kolhatkar , Khadilkar , Deval , Gadkari and Kirloskar who enriched the Marathi theater for about half a century with excellent musical plays known as Sangeet Naatak .
Armenia gave way to communist power in late 1920 .
In 1872 , Pulitzer purchased a share in the Westliche Post for $ 3,000 , and then sold his stake in the paper for a profit in 1873 .
The city is commonly referred to as Capital Federal , or simply BSB .
The only inhabited island is Willis Island .
Abbeville is a city in Henry County , Alabama , United States .
As an administrator you can still view it .
Gia earned $ 50 for a partial day 's work .
Although written as an apparently verbatim account , the book is not a report of what was actually said at the trial , but instead a reflection on what happened .
The National Trust for Historic Preservation named Huntsville to its `` America 's Dozen Distinctive Destinations for 2010 '' list .
Slipknot considered including a DJ in their lineup , but had difficulty finding one because `` the people -LRB- they -RRB- knew who were DJs all sucked ! ''
This template is only intended for sources that are used many , many times in the same article , to such an extent that normal citation would produce a useless line in or too many individual ones .
A page-turner is often necessary for musicians who are playing complex pieces and prefer not to play from memory .
Maloy is a city in Ringgold County , Iowa , United States , along the Platte River .
This tree grows on the slopes of the Andes , mainly in Peru .
At the age of fifteen , Mary was betrothed to her cousin the Protestant Stadtholder of Holland , William of Orange .
Schneier and Blaze based MacGuffin on DES , their main change being that the data block is not split into equal halves in the Feistel network . Instead , 48 bits of the 64-bit data block are fed through the round function , whose output is XORed with the other 16 bits of the data block .
Zadar is Silba 's mainland administrative center ; it is part of the Zadar County .
Since June 2007 , the party is headed by Pauline Marois .
The team is managed by Christian Horner , boss of the Arden International GP2 Series team .
Rooibos -LRB- ; Afrikaans for `` red bush '' ; scientific name Aspalathus linearis -RRB- is a broom-like member of the legume family of plants growing in South Africa 's fynbos .
Jazz fans did research and self published discographies about when jazz records were made and what musicians were on the records , as record companies did not commonly include that information on or with the records at that time .
Rangel worked as Tempos main photojournalist , often documenting poverty or Portuguese policies which were perceived as unfair by the publication .
The Dalmatian is a breed of dog whose roots are often said to trace back to Dalmatia , a region of Croatia where the first illustrations of the dog have been found .
Potassium fluoride is prepared by dissolving potassium carbonate in excess hydrofluoric acid .
Like many Frankfurt public sites , it was privately financed and implemented by the architect Heinrich Siesmayer .
It grows to 1.4 m to 2 m tall , with arching , deeply lobed , silvery glaucous-green leaves 50 c - 82 c long .
di '' is an abbreviation for Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft , which means `` United Services Union . ''
-LRB- The color azure is also named after the mineral lapis lazuli . -RRB-
Claggart returns , and tells Vere that Billy poses a threat of mutiny .
It had a seating capacity of 250 people , and was heated by two coal stoves at either end which shared a long , black chimney .
In time Lulu returns with another client , the Negro -LRB- played by the singer who played the Painter , Lulu 's second husband -RRB- .
The processes for encryption and decryption are similar .
A DNA construct may express wildtype protein , prevent the expression of certain genes by expressing competitors or inhibitors , or express mutant proteins , such as deletion mutations or missense mutations .
Mato Grosso do Sul is one of the states of Brazil .
Avesnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Frustrated and bitter , Arnold decided to change sides in 1779 , and opened secret negotiations with the British .
The most famous of these events are the Edinburgh Fringe -LRB- the largest performing arts festival in the world -RRB- , the Edinburgh International Festival , the Edinburgh Military Tattoo , and the Edinburgh International Book Festival .
Shirov is noted for his attacking style and for seeking complications , a tendency which has led to comparisons with fellow Latvian and former world champion , Mikhail Tal , under whom he studied in his youth .
Noel reportedly replied , `` Well , I do n't write shit songs ! '' .
Ellery Avenue in Middletown , Rhode Island is named in his honor .
Carles Puyol i Saforcada -LRB- ; born 13 April 1978 -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spanish national team .
The London Underground 1960 Stock was a small , prototype class of electric multiple unit designed for the London Underground Central Line .
The final part of the cell reproduction process is cell division , when daughter cells physically split apart from a parental cell .
Because of the copyright struggle , importing literature on Ultraman into Singapore and Malaysia was prohibited .
Der Mann wurde dann ins Spital gebracht.
Mit der 1-2-3-Karte soll man in Zukunft fr alle ffentliche Verkehrsmittel nur einen Euro pro Tag bezahlen, solange man in nur einem Bundesland fhrt.
Zusammen mit dem Friedens-Nobelpreis bekommt das WFP ein Preisgeld von rund 950.000 Euro.
Boris Johnson droht mit einem harten Brexit.
Der Kufer will fr die ffentlichkeit unerkannt bleiben.
Die Zahl der Kurzarbeiter steigt weiter.
In Australien kmpft die Feuerwehr gegen starke Busch-Brnde.
Durch den Brand entstand eine groe schwarze Rauchwolke.
Der russische Prsident Wladimir Putin erinnerte an die zahlreichen Toten des Zweiten Weltkriegs.
Der Mll stammt vom Festland und von Fischerbooten.
Erst mit der Angelobung wird die Regierung eingesetzt und kann mit der Arbeit beginnen.
Sie werfen ihm vor, nicht genug gegen die Brnde zu tun.
Laut einer Studie sind die meisten Menschen in sterreich keine Vielflieger.
Spter arbeitete Seisenbacher als Judo-Trainer.
Das bedeutet, dass das Volksbegehren im Parlament besprochen werden muss.
In Australien hofft man, dass es nicht wieder zu einer Feuerkatastrophe wie im letzten Jahr kommt.
Mindestens 5 Tote bei Vulkanausbruch in Neuseeland.
Nicht in jedem Spital in sterreich kann der Corona-Virus behandelt werden. 59 Spitler wurden nun speziell dafr ausgerstet.
sterreichs Verfassung ist 100 Jahre alt.
In Hiroshima hat deshalb am Donnerstag eine Feier stattgefunden, bei der an die vielen Opfer erinnert wurde.
Ein sehr wichtiges Thema fr die SP in diesem Nationalrats-Wahlkampf ist der Klimawandel.
Am Sonntag hat in Weirussland die Prsidenten-Wahl stattgefunden.
Die VP will den "Falter" verklagen.
Diese Patienten knnen oft nicht mehr alleine atmen und brauchen dafr eine spezielle Maschine.
Bis zum Jahr 2024 wird sie wahrscheinlich ein jhrliches Defizit von rund 80 Millionen Euro aufweisen.
Bis Donnerstag haben das die Grnen, die KP und die Partei "Der Wandel" geschafft.
Derzeit sind in sterreich 403.382 Personen in Kurzarbeit.
Viele frchten aber, dass viele Lokale diese Schlieungen wegen der Corona-Krise nicht berleben werden.
Nachbarn sagen, dass er und die Frau sich scheiden lassen wollten.
Laut Medienberichten sollen die flchtigen Verdchtigen ein schwarzes Auto des Typs Ford Tourneo fahren.
Er kam aber nicht weit, denn die Polizei stoppte ihn nach wenigen Kilometern.
Whrend Corona-Krise wird niemandem Strom, Gas und Wrme abgedreht.
Laut der Umfrage hat etwa die Hlfte aller Schler Schwierigkeiten mit dem Aufstehen in der Frh.
Das besagt eine Studie.
Einige der Neuinfektionen gab es in der Stadt Dalian.
Die Politiker glauben, dass der Premier-Minister sie ausgetrickst hat, um endlich zu einer Entscheidung ber den Brexit zu kommen.
Der Wand-Teppich gehrt zum UNESCO-Weltkulturerbe.
US-Amerikaner verschlang 71 Hotdogs in 10 Minuten.
Am strksten war der Rckgang in Wien.
Am Samstag sind 2 wichtige l-Anlagen in Saudi-Arabien durch Drohnenangriffe beschdigt worden.
Ischgl/Wien -
3 Menschen starben bei Absturz von Lsch-Flugzeug in Australien.
In vielen Autos gibt es eine Freisprech-Einrichtung.
Schwarz-Arbeit ist illegal.
In der spanischen Hauptstadt Madrid hat vom 2. bis zum 15 Dezember die UNO-Klima-Konferenz stattgefunden.
Grund fr den Lockdown sind die vielen Corona-Neuinfektionen.
In China ist vor kurzem ein neuer Virus ausgebrochen.
Sie hat am Sonntag angekndigt, es zu blockieren.
Die Soldaten werden auch an Hotline-Telefonnummern eingesetzt.
49 Prozent der befragten US-Brger sind zufrieden mit seiner Arbeit als Prsident.
Die Schulen wissen noch immer nicht, wie im September der Unterricht gestaltet werden soll.
Ein Handy-Video zeigt, dass bei dem Einsatz ein weier Polizist mehr als 5 Minuten lang auf Floyds Genick kniete.
Die Grenze zu Deutschland ist geschlossen.
Ist jemand mit dem Corona-Virus infiziert, dann kommt der Virus ins Wasser, wenn derjenige aufs Klo muss.
Der Chef der Regierung heit Premierminister.
Die Temperaturen erreichen 20 bis 27 Grad.
Die beiden Mnner aus den USA waren Ende Mai mit dem Raumschiff "Crew Dragon" zur internationalen Raumstation ISS geflogen.
Die meisten Corona-Flle in sterreich gibt es in Tirol.
Die Grnen knnen an der Nationalrats-Wahl teilnehmen.
Oft passieren Unflle mit Kindern, die zu Fu oder mit dem Rad unterwegs waren.
Die Tierfamilie besteht nun aus 8 Affen.
Eine Razzia wird meistens genau geplant, damit niemand entkommen kann.
So knnen zum Beispiel grere Ansammlungen von Menschen entdeckt werden.
sterreich will ihn aber auch einfhren, wenn sich die EU doch dagegen entschliet.
Auf dem Sarg liegt Laudas Rennhelm.
In 3 Wochen wird sie die zweite Impfung erhalten.
Im Friseur-Laden mssen die Kunden gengend Abstand zu anderen Kunden halten.
Salzburg liegt derzeit mit groem Vorsprung an erster Stelle in der Bundesliga.
Wegen der Corona-Krise hat man keine Speisen von Lokalen abholen drfen.
Alle 4 Jahre finden die Sommerspiele statt, und dazwischen alle 4 Jahre die Winterspiele.
In Wien gibt es eigenes Zeichen fr Maskenpflicht in Verkehrsmitteln.
In Italien bilden die Parteien Lega und 5 Sterne gemeinsam die Regierung.
Ludwig zeigte sich begeistert von seinem Paten-Tier.
Es kann aber auch sein, dass der Mann psychische Probleme hatte.
Eigentlich htte es dieses Verbot lngst geben sollen.
Die EU-Kommission will Krebs besser bekmpfen.
Vor 15 Jahren bekam schon die Schriftstellerin Elfriede Jelinek den Literatur-Nobelpreis.
Im strksten Winter-Bundesland Tirol rechnet das Wifo nur mit 3,1 Millionen Nchtigungen.
Schulen, Restaurants und die meisten Geschfte sind geschlossen.
Wenig spter wurde ein 21-jhriger Mann verhaftet.
48.500 Menschen haben sich bereits fr die Impfung angemeldet, das sind 76 Prozent aller Berechtigten in dem Bezirk.
Oder in ihrem Zuhause fehlt das Internet.
Seit Montag kann man in sterreich das Klima-Volksbegehren untersttzen.
Vor allem Tiere wie Koalas, Kngurus und Vgel sind durch die Brnde gettet worden.
Wegen dem Corona-Virus waren viele Geschfte in sterreich seit einem Monat zu.
VP nominierte Kurz zum Spitzen-Kandidaten fr die Nationalrats-Wahl.
Im Bundeslnder-Vergleich haben die Steirer im Vorjahr am meisten gespart.
Die Impf-Dosen sollten offenbar heimlich ins Ausland gebracht werden, obwohl in der EU noch viele Impfdosen fehlen.
Weitere Verdchtige waren am Mittwochnachmittag noch auf der Flucht.
Die Nacht wird also eine Stunde krzer sein.
Die meisten Asyl-Antrge kommen von Menschen aus Afghanistan, Syrien, Iran und dem Irak.
Donald Trump drohte deshalb, Nordkorea zu vernichten.
14-jhriger Bub soll seine eigene Mutter erstochen haben.
Die sterreichische Regierung denkt darber nach, langsam wieder die Geschfte zu ffnen.
41 Tote bei Flugzeug-Notlandung in Moskau.
Auf diese Weise soll die Frau illegal mehr als 4 Millionen Euro bekommen haben.
Zurzeit werden weltweit viele sportliche Ereignisse und Wettbewerbe abgesagt.
Derzeit sind in sterreich 9.930 Menschen in sterreich mit dem Virus angesteckt.
Das Gemse hat eine gelbe Schale mit violetten Streifen.
Danach brach das Flugzeug in mehrere Teile und geriet teilweise in Brand.
Darum hat im Jahr 2020 die Schwarz-Arbeit in sterreich stark zugenommen.
Heute sind 193 Lnder Mitglieder der UNO, das sind fast alle Lnder der Welt.
Dieser Spieler ist dann der Welt-Fuballer des Jahres.
Bereits am Mittwoch wurde ein schwer verletzter Juwelier im Eingang seines Geschftes in Wien gefunden.
Am Dienstag hat fr einen Groteil der rund 1,9 Milliarden Muslime der Ramadan angefangen.
Bei den Toten handelt es sich um seine ehemalige Freundin, ihren Bruder, ihre Eltern und ihren neuen Freund.
Eine Baumaschine hatte aus unbekannter Ursache zu brennen begonnen.
Ende Jnner waren 535.470 Menschen arbeitslos.
Gehalts-Erhhung fr Beamte wurde beschlossen.
Schlielich verbringen sie die meiste Zeit mit schlafen, essen und herumhngen.
Auerdem wird es die Corona-Tests in der Gastronomie und Hotels nun auch fr Fremdenfhrer, Reiseleiter und Skilehrer geben.
Urlaubs-Sperre fr alle Polizisten beschlossen.
Im heurigen November hat es in sterreich weniger Arbeitslose gegeben als im November 2018.
In Saudi-Arabien drfen Frauen bald von allein ins Ausland reisen.
Die Zahl der Corona-Toten stieg auf bisher 6.747 an.
Der sterreichischen Mannschaft fehlt jetzt nur noch 1 Punkt, um fix bei der EM dabei zu sein.
Der Mann wehrte sich und stach dem Krokodil mit dem Finger ins Auge.
Aus diesen Plnen wird wohl vorerst nichts.
Beim Karneval in Venedig verkleiden sich die Menschen in fantasievollen Kostmen und tragen Masken.
Die Tierpfleger mssen dabei sehr vorsichtig sein, weil auch die Schlangenbabys schon sehr giftig sind.
Am Mittwoch ist er wegen Mord von einem Gericht in Feldkirch zu lebenslanger Haft verurteilt worden.
Gesundheitsminister Rudolf Anschober sagt, dass der Hhepunkt der Corona-Krise zwischen Mitte April und Mitte Mai sein wird.
Heuer ist die Grippe-Impfung zum ersten Mal im kostenlosen Impfprogramm fr Kinder enthalten.
US-Prsident Trump droht der EU mit Zllen.
Sie halten viele Reden bei groen Veranstaltungen und man sieht sie oft in den Medien.
Vor Weihnachten wollen sich noch viele sterreicher gratis auf das Corona-Virus testen lassen.
Es gibt dann nmlich feste Regeln, wie alles nach dem Brexit funktioniert.
Bei der Nationalrats-Wahl im Jahr 2017 haben die Parteien VP, SP und FP mehr Geld ausgegeben, als erlaubt war.
Am Wochenende spielte er im Finale gegen Daniil Medwedew aus Russland.
Ein Drittel der Befragten braucht das Auto sogar unbedingt, um tgliche Wege zu erledigen.
Der sterreichische Tennis-Spieler Dominic Thiem hat das Tennis-Turnier in Peking in China gewonnen.
Im Haus des Meeres haben die Springtamarine Nachwuchs bekommen.
Nach der Tat setzte sich der Tter hin und wartete auf die Polizei.
Wenn jemand schwarz arbeitet, dann zahlt er keine Sozial-Versicherung und auch keine Steuern.
Laut einer Studie werden arme Kinder fter krank.
Kletter-Verbot auf dem Berg Uluru in Australien.
Er wurde vor allem durch das Titellied zur Zeichentrick-Serie "Biene Maja" bekannt.
Brennende Teile von dem Hochhaus fielen aus groer Hhe hinunter und beschdigten parkende Autos.
Seit Monaten wird in den USA die Hlfte aller Waren aus China mit Straf-Zllen belegt.
Fr diese Aufgaben brauchen die Schler aber einen Computer.
Andere Fuball-Mannschaften mssen sich in einem vorherigen Bewerb noch qualifizieren.
Wenn man nichts mehr zum Essen daheim hat, muss man einkaufen gehen.
Der Schriftsteller Hugo von Hofmannsthal hat das Theaterstck "Jedermann" im Jahr 1911 verffentlicht.
Wieder Streiks in der Sozial-Wirtschaft.
Und sie sagen, dass sie genug Lebensmittel und Hygiene-Artikel fr alle in ihren Lagern haben.
In Russland kommen wieder Eisbren an die Ksten.
Auch Koalas leiden unter den Busch-Brnden in Australien.
Viele Menschen sind von Kurz-Arbeit betroffen -
In den vergangenen 24 Stunden hat es in sterreich bis Donnerstag am Vormittag 2.906 Neu-Infektionen mit dem Corona-Virus gegeben.
Nun gibt es einen neuen Generalsekretr.
Dagegen ist die Zahl der Arbeitslosen ganz leicht gesunken, nmlich um rund 1.600.
Auerdem wirft die EU den USA vor, dass sie dem US-Flugzeughersteller Boeing Subventionen geben.
Gleichzeitig verlngerte Trump die Schutz-Manahmen gegen den Corona-Virus bis Ende April.
Dafr muss eine Partei einen Misstrauens-Antrag stellen.
Insgesamt sind in sterreich derzeit mehr als 3.470 Menschen mit dem Virus infiziert.
Zum Auenhandel gehren Exporte und Importe.
Wegen Corona gibt es heuer aber wieder Einschrnkungen bei den Feierlichkeiten.
Im wichtigen Bundesstaat Pennsylvania konnte er Trump berholen.
Wenn man niest, werden die Viren wieder in die Luft geschleudert.
Damit gibt zum ersten Mal seit Weihnachten weniger als 500.000 Arbeitslose.
Das hat der Wiener Integrations- und Bildungs-Stadtrat Christoph Wiederkehr angekndigt.
Der Streik kann auch ber Weihnachten andauern.
Die Arbeiterkammer ist eine Organisation, die Arbeitnehmern hilft.
Das hat der APA/OGM-Vertrauensindex ergeben.
Laut Global 2000 sind FFP2-Masken frei von Schadstoffen.
Viele der missbrauchten Buben waren erst 13 Jahre alt.
Die 16 Jahre alte schwedische Klima-Schtzerin Greta Thunberg bekommt heuer den Alternativen Nobelpreis.
So darf niemand zwischen 21 Uhr abends und 7 Uhr frh auf dem Sand-Strand sein.
Als Opposition gelten alle Parteien, die im Parlament vertreten sind, aber nicht der Regierung angehren.
Am Sonntag hat in Weirussland die Prsidenten-Wahl stattgefunden.
Der Bub wurde am Sonntag mit einem Hubschrauber in ein Krankenhaus geflogen.
Vater kmpfte mit einem Bren um seinen Sohn.
Der derzeit weltbeste Tennis-Spieler Novak Djokovic aus Serbien wird heuer erstmals seit 2007 dabei sein.
Es ist aber nicht verboten, mit Geldscheinen oder Mnzen zu bezahlen.
Einsatz-Teams fr schnellere Corona-Tests an Schulen in Wien.
Dabei darf man den Gegen-Spieler auch festhalten und umschmeien.
Manchen wurden auch Gegenstnde nachgeworfen, andere wurden getreten oder geschlagen.
Im Tiergarten Schnbrunn in Wien hat es Nachwuchs bei den Weihand-Gibbons gegeben.
Die Massentests haben in Wien, Vorarlberg und Tirol begonnen.
Laut Statistik Austria gab es heuer dadurch um 92,3 Prozent weniger Nchtigungen als im Vorjahreszeitraum.
Die neuen Gesetze regeln, welche Manahmen die Regierung im Kampf gegen das Corona-Virus ergreifen kann.
Im Jahr 2019 hat sich in sterreich 122.800 Unflle mit Kindern gegeben.
In der afghanischen Hauptstadt Kabul hat es am Mittwoch einen Anschlag auf ein Polizeigebude gegeben.
Die Arbeitslosigkeit in sterreich ist im August gesunken.
May versuchte alles, um das Parlament von ihren Brexit-Plnen zu berzeugen, doch sie scheiterte.
Die Busch-Brnde in Australien dauern schon mehrere Monate und konnten immer noch nicht gelscht werden.
Die Brder Eddie und Alex Van Halen wurden in Amsterdam in den Niederlanden geboren.
Weil so viele Menschen aus den Stdten flchten, wird das Benzin an den Tankstellen knapp.
Viele Syrer sind deshalb in die Trkei geflchtet.
Fast 2,5 Milliarden Menschen leben in Lndern, die so arm sind.
Wegen einer Corona-Infektion lagen am Montag 2.362 Menschen im Krankenhaus.
Seltene Rothschild-Giraffe im Zoo Schmiding geboren.
Zweiter wurde Virgil Van Dijk vom Club FC Liverpool aus England.
Wien Noch immer kann wegen der Corona-Pandemie das alltgliche Leben nicht wie gewohnt stattfinden.
In der Metall-Industrie haben sich am Donnerstag die Gewerkschaft und die Arbeitgeber berraschend auf eine Lohn-Erhhung geeinigt.
Aber die Wiener wollen nicht auf die Tiere verzichten.
Noch bekommen die jungen Erdmnnchen Milch von ihrer Mutter.
In der Nacht auf Mittwoch ist im Hafen der italienischen Stadt Ancona ein groer Brand ausgebrochen.
Damit wre es am Abend lnger hell und in der Frh eine Stunde lnger dunkel.
Dritter wurde berraschend der McLaren-Fahrer Lando Norris.
Wenn man aus den Lndern des Westbalkans nach sterreich zurck kommt, muss man einen Corona-Test machen und 14 Tage zuhause in Quarantne sein.
Bei dem Brand wurden viele Wohnungen und das Dach des Hauses zerstrt.
Solingen - Eine Frau in der Stadt Solingen in Deutschland soll 5 ihrer 6 Kinder gettet haben.
Wenn ein Schler durch Streit oder Gewalt auffllt, muss er die Klasse verlassen und kommt in eine Time-Out-Gruppe.
Am Wochenende wird es warm und unbestndig.
In sterreich wird zu wenig Obst und Gemse produziert.
Der Burgenlndische Landtag hat am Montag wieder Hans Peter Doskozil von der SP als Landes-Hauptmann gewhlt.
Trumps Arzt sagte, dass Trump noch nicht ganz gesund ist.
Seit kurzem ist der neue Film "Mulan" von Disney zu sehen.
Seit 10 Jahren wurden dort tausende Dinosaurier-Knochen ausgegraben.
Inzwischen sind die 2 Jungtiere aber gro genug, um kleine Ausflge zu unternehmen.
Dabei sollten Zebrastreifen doch Fugngern ermglichen, sicher ber die Strae zu gehen.
In Obersterreich ist ein 14 Monate alter Bub aus dem Fenster gestrzt und gestorben.
Zu Ost-sterreich gehren die Bundeslnder Wien, Niedersterreich und Burgenland.
Um ein Fnftel mehr Arbeitslose im September als im Vorjahr.
Die Polizei erschoss den Terroristen.
Im Zoo in der deutschen Stadt Krefeld hat es in der Silvester-Nacht gebrannt.
Bundeskanzler Sebastian Kurz kndigte eine Maskenpflicht in allen Schulen auerhalb der Klassen an.
Man darf also wirklich nur dann nach drauen gehen, wenn man in die Arbeit muss oder Lebensmittel einkaufen geht.
Tafel ist nicht nur eine Schul-Tafel, auf der mit Kreide geschrieben wird.
Das soll nun der Plan vom Finanzministerium ndern.
Nach rund 30 Stunden im Freien wurde er von Skifahrern entdeckt.
Wegen der Corona-Krise gibt es in sterreich viel mehr Arbeitslose.
Am Mittwoch hat der Iran bekanntgegeben, dass er teilweise aus dem Atom-Abkommen aussteigt.
Chelsea gewann gegen das deutsche Team Eintracht Frankfurt im Elfmeterschieen.
Das stellte das Gesundheits-Ministerium klar.
Diese Frderung wurde beschlossen, weil es in den letzten Jahren immer heier wurde.
Bisher sind das die Grnen.
So soll sich der Corona-Virus nicht weiter verbreiten knnen.
US-Soldaten bei Raketenangriff des Iran vor einer Woche verletzt.
In den vergangenen 24 Stunden hat es in sterreich 2.412 Neu-Infektionen mit dem Corona-Virus gegeben.
Die meisten Staus in sterreich gibt es in Wien.
In sterreichs Schulsystem wird das Lesen nicht gut genug gelernt.
Ab nchster Woche muss man auch in ffentlichen Verkehrsmitteln eine Maske tragen.
In Obersterreich wurde der Hochwasser-Alarm ausgelst, da der Wasserstand von Flssen mehrere Meter anstieg und drohte bald berzulaufen.
Stand-Up-Board ist englisch und heit bersetzt Steh-Brett.
Seit heuer soll es aber jedes Jahr erhht werden, so wie die Pensionen.
Deshalb wird auch der jetzige Fall mit dem Hubschrauber genau untersucht.
Italien, Spanien und Frankreich sind in Europa am strksten vom Corona-Virus betroffen.
Und sie sollen Abstand von einander halten.
Trumps Herausforderer von den Demokraten ist Joe Biden.
Man muss die Wrfel so oft verdrehen, bis jede Seite des Zauber-Wrfels jeweils nur eine Farbe hat.
Wieso sterben in Italien so viele Menschen am Corona-Virus?
Die meisten der vermissten Personen tauchen aber schon nach kurzer Zeit und ohne Verletzungen von selbst wieder auf.
Im Sommer 2018 wurde in Obersterreich der Zahn eines Meeres-Sauriers gefunden.
Dort wurde festgestellt, dass er doch vergiftet wurde.
Die restliche Milch wurde am Bauernhof als Futter fr die Tiere genutzt.
Auch viele Stars mussten ihr Zuhause verlassen, zum Beispiel der sterreichische Schauspieler Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Am Mittwoch haben bereits einige prominente sterreicher das Klima-Volksbegehren unterschrieben.
Das heit, er kann bei Menschen oder Tieren Krankheiten auslsen.
Auerdem mssen die Schler in nur 3 Fchern antreten.
Die EU ernennt jedes Jahr mindesten 2 Stdte zur Kultur-Hauptstadt Europas.
Fr Lkw-Fahrer und fr manche Angestellte im Gesundheits-Bereich gilt die Regel nicht.
Als erster Mensch in den USA bekam die Krankenschwester Sandra Lindsay die Impfung.
Im Jahr 2019 stieg die Bevlkerungszahl auf 8.902.600 Menschen.
Der Impfstoff stammt von der deutschen Firma Biontech und der US-Firma Pfizer.
Mehr als 120.000 Kinderunflle pro Jahr in sterreich.
Das zeigt laut AK, dass in Krisenzeiten mehr Arbeitnehmer krank in die Arbeit gehen.
E-Zigaretten sind Zigaretten, bei denen eine Flssigkeit elektrisch verdampft wird.
Man soll sich seine Medikamente ganz normal verschreiben lassen.
Der Mann ging danach selbst zur Polizei und gestand seine Tat.
Der Schicht-Betrieb an Schulen hat am Montag begonnen.
Gegrndet wurde die Kinderhilfs-Organisation von Hermann Gmeiner.
Auerdem muss man nachweisen, dass die Manahmen geholfen haben.
sterreicher mehrheitlich zufrieden mit Abschaffung der Sommerzeit.
In der Nacht auf Sonntag werden die Uhren wieder auf Sommerzeit gestellt.
Dazu muss aber noch viel gemacht werden.
Im Ort Apfelberg in der Steiermark hat die Feuerwehr eine Kuh aus einem Swimming-Pool gerettet.
Die Container haben die gleiche Form und Gre.
Die beiden Zauberer nannten sich Siegfried und Roy.
Der Fahrer von dem Auto wurde von der Polizei festgenommen.
Weniger Diesel-Autos in sterreich verkauft.
Fr Messen in Kirchen und im Freien gibt es nun Corona-Regeln.
Das war zu wenig, Rapid ist damit in der Europa League ausgeschieden.
Die Maskenpflicht knnte noch ausgeweitet werden, sollten die Menschen deswegen auf andere Pltze ausweichen.
An insgesamt 41 Orten werden sich die Wiener gegen Grippe impfen lassen knnen.
In Grobritannien gibt es wegen Corona eine Quarantne-Regel.
Dazu reichte im Spiel gegen Weirussland ein Unentschieden.
Ein Hund fand seine Spur.
Die Gruppe soll unter anderem geplant haben, eine Rechtsanwltin zu entfhren.
Der Fuball-Klub LASK aus Linz hat in der Europa League gegen den Klub Rosenborg Trondheim aus dem Land Norwegen gewonnen.
Rund 280.000 Menschen mussten damals ihre Huser verlassen.
In sterreich ist es derzeit sehr hei, und es wird teilweise noch heier.
Spter arbeitete er auch als Fuball-Trainer.
Zeugen sahen den Mann vor den Sommerferien im Garten.
Er bekam auch ein Preisgeld von rund 830.000 Euro und eine Medaille.
Neu-Ansteckungen mit Corona-Virus in China durch Einreisende.
In einer Koran-Schule in Pakistan ist eine Bombe explodiert.
3 weitere Gemeinden in Salzburg unter Quarantne.
Wenn Menschen in sterreich lnger keine Arbeit haben und nicht genug Geld zum Leben haben, dann bekommen sie Geld vom Staat.
Proteste gegen Disney-Film "Mulan".
In ganz sterreich haben sich innerhalb von 24 Stunden wieder mehr als 100 Menschen mit dem Corona-Virus infiziert.
Damit will man verhindern, dass sich der Corona-Virus weiter ausbreiten kann.
In Gnserndorf in Niedersterreich ist am Montag ein Auto in ein Einrichtungshaus gekracht.
600 Menschen sind an dem Virus gestorben.
In sterreich haben sich mittlerweile mehr als 200 Menschen mit dem Corona-Virus angesteckt.
Spter nahm ihn die Polizei fest.
Das hat Gesundheitsminister Rudolf Anschober angekndigt.
Im heurigen August waren 422.910 Menschen arbeitslos, das waren um 92.219 mehr als im August letzten Jahres.
Auch das war laut VfGH gesetzwidrig, weil nicht alle Geschfte gleich behandelt wurden.
Bundeskanzler Kurz machte den sterreichern Mut, dass sterreich die Corona-Krise gut bewltigen werde.
Von der Leyen ist die Prsidentin der EU-Kommission.
Taucher finden Schnaps in einem im Jahr 1917 versenkten Schiff.
Auch in einigen Teilen von sterreich konnte man das Erdbeben spren.
Bei der Angelobung leisten alle Mitglieder einer neuen Regierung einen Amts-Eid.
Im Juni 2017, also erst 1 Jahr nach der Abstimmung fr den Brexit, haben die Verhandlungen zwischen Grobritannien und der EU begonnen.
Allerdings war der Test negativ.
Es ist das Gebude, wo der amerikanische Prsident arbeitet und wohnt.
Auerdem wurden die Rennen in den Niederlanden und Barcelona in Spanien verschoben.
Zu Fiat Chrysler gehren die italienischen Marken Fiat, Lancia, Alfa Romeo und Maserati und die US-amerikanischen Marken Chrysler, Dodge und Jeep.
Im Dezember 2019 hat es in sterreich weniger Arbeitslose gegeben als im Dezember 2018.
Das ist eine grere Steigerung als in vielen anderen EU-Lndern.
Dazu braucht man ganz besondere Programme.
Nun nennt sich Neuwirth nur noch Wurst.
In den USA haben Hacker 150.000 berwachungs-Kameras gehackt.
Dabei erstrahlen viele bekannte Gebude auf der ganzen Welt grn.
Die Lehrer haben neue Lern-Aufgaben ber das Internet an die Computer der Schler geschickt.
Das Unwetter war so stark, dass auch ein Spiel der Fuball-Bundesliga abgesagt wurde.
Beim Schiffs-Brand in den USA starben wahrscheinlich 34 Menschen.
Erste Corona-Massentests in Salzburg durchgefhrt.
Der groe britische Reise-Veranstalter Thomas Cook ist pleite und hat die Insolvenz beantragt.
Die 3 Betreiber wurden seit Mrz von den Behrden beobachtet.
Die Milch-Produktion ist im Jahr 2018 um knapp 3 Prozent gestiegen.
In sterreich ist die Tomate das beliebteste Gemse.
Dadurch verkauft FACC weniger und will viel Geld einsparen.
Von dieser Firma kauften viele Lnder Gerte, um ihre geheimen Gesprche vor anderen zu schtzen.
Sie halfen Menschen, die durch das Hochwasser von der Auenwelt abgeschnitten waren.
In sterreich haben Unwetter groe Schden angerichtet.
In China ist vor kurzem ein neuer Virus ausgebrochen.
Van der Bellen sprach davon, dass die Verfassung die Grund- und Freiheitsrechte von allen schtzt.
Vor 74 Jahren warfen die USA zum ersten Mal eine Atombombe ab.
Nun vermuten rzte, dass 17 Personen in der Gemeinde Jochberg in Tirol die britische Art von Corona-Virus haben.
Die Masken-Pflicht finden die sterreicher hingegen nicht so schlimm.
Verschiedene Wrter oder Buchstaben werden durch verschiedene Handbewegungen gezeigt.
Der Afro-Amerikaner wurde von Polizisten in den Rcken geschossen und dabei verletzt.
Auerdem verbringen sie nun mehr Zeit mit Fernsehen, dem Handy oder Computer-Spielen.
Zwischen Juni und September sterben jhrlich viele Menschen in Indien an solchen Blitzeinschlgen.
Das ist nun bei VP und den Grnen aber anders.
Wegen der Corona-Krise verkauft MAN weniger Fahrzeuge.
Insgesamt war das Leben in sterreich durchschnittlich um 1,5 Prozent teurer als im August 2018.
Etwa 10 Tage danach verschlechterte sich sein Zustand stark, er musste ins Krankenhaus.
Mit Atommchten sind Lnder gemeint, die Atomwaffen besitzen.
Viele Menschen halten Maradona fr den besten Fuballer aller Zeiten.
Dass man zurzeit nur sehr wenig aus dem Haus gehen und andere Leute treffen darf, finden die meisten gut.
Gegen die neuen Corona-Gesetze stimmten die FP und die NEOS.
Der Tierquler wurde noch nicht gefunden.
Bundeskanzler Sebastian Kurz von der VP und Vizekanzler Werner Kogler von den Grnen stellten den Abgeordneten das neue Regierungsteam vor.
Der sterreichische Tennis-Spieler Dominic Thiem hat am Samstag das Turnier von Kitzbhel in Tirol gewonnen.
Insgesamt wird in sterreich mehr Fleisch produziert als gegessen.
Beim Welt-Wirtschafts-Forum treffen sich Politiker, Firmen-Chefs und Wissenschafter aus der ganzen Welt und sprechen ber verschiedene Themen.
EU-Kommissare sind hohe EU-Beamte, die sich um einen bestimmten Bereich kmmern, zum Beispiel Finanzen oder Landwirtschaft.
Dabei werden die Partei-Mitglieder dem Vorschlag zustimmen, dass Joe Biden fr sie in der Prsidentschafts-Wahl im November antreten wird.
2018 waren es noch 47 gettete Fugnger, im Jahr 2019 wurden 68 Fugnger bei Verkehrsunfllen gettet.
Der Winter hat in ganz sterreich begonnen.
Van der Bellen bedauerte den Ausstieg der USA aus dem Pariser Klimaschutz-Abkommen.
Das Ergebnis ist jetzt da und erfreulich.
Seit Dienstag drfen aber nun viele Geschfte wieder aufmachen.
Zum Geburtstag bekam Yang Yang von den Tierpflegern eine Torte mit ihren Lieblings-Zutaten Bambus-Sprossen, Karotten und Rote Rben.
Tokio Durch den sehr starken Taifun sind in Japan bisher 66 Menschen gestorben.
Arbeitslosigkeit in sterreich steigt weiter.
Wer diesen Corona-Pass hat, soll dann zum Beispiel in Lokale und Veranstaltungen gehen drfen.
Er vertritt den Prsidenten zum Beispiel bei Krankheit.
Der US-Jazzpianist Chick Corea ist am Dienstag mit 79 Jahren an der Krankheit Krebs gestorben.
Polizei verhaftete mutmalichen Bogenschtzen in Obersterreich.
Die andere Mannschaft muss versuchen, einen Ei-frmigen Ball im Feld weit nach vorne zu bringen.
Es ist das schwerste Erdbeben in Albanien seit Jahrzehnten gewesen.
Dabei blieb die SP die mit Abstand strkste Partei.
Sie war vor 2 Wochen von Grobritannien aus mit einem Segelboot gestartet.
Besonders Menschen in der Stadt leiden unter der Hitze.
Ab Anfang Dezember soll es die Schnelltests fr Schulen in ganz sterreich geben.
Jazz-Legende Chick Corea starb im Alter von 79 Jahren.
Der Impfstoff stammt von der deutschen Firma Biontech und der US-Firma Pfizer.
Auch die SP stimmte dafr.
Whrend der Corona-Krise wird niemand Strom, Gas und Wrme abgedreht.
2020 wurden in den ersten 10 Monaten um 14,8 Prozent mehr Nudeln aus Italien importiert als noch 2019.
Die Arbeitslosigkeit steigt weiter.
sterreicher sehen Regionalitt als gut an.
Heuer ist Robert Lewandowski zum Welt-Fuballer gewhlt worden.
Das Zeugnis vom letzten Jahr wird in die Note miteingerechnet.
Fr alle Lokale wird die Sperrstunde auf 1:00 Uhr vorverlegt.
Derzeit sind in sterreich fast 475.000 Menschen in Kurzarbeit.
Menschen knnen viele Krankheiten haben, zum Beispiel Grippe oder Lungenentzndung.
Durch diese Brnde sind bisher ungefhr eine Milliarde Tiere in Australien gettet worden.
2018 kamen in sterreich ber 84.000 Kinder auf die Welt.
Frau und Kinder nach ber einem Monat aus dem Regenwald gerettet.
In Kalifornien in den USA gibt es zurzeit Waldbrnde.
11 Tote nach einer Schieerei in Deutschland.
Die Statue wurde 1921 eingeweiht, das bedeutet, dass sie heuer ihr 90-jhriges Jubilum feiert.
90 Jahre alter Baum in der Nacht in Wien umgesiedelt.
Zahlreiche Feuerwehren waren im Einsatz.
sterreich hat von allen Lndern in Europa den grten Anteil an biologischer Landwirtschaft.
Damit sind bisher 5.654 Infizierte in sterreich gestorben.
Das sagt die Rangliste des britischen Reisefhrers "Lonely Planet".
Doch Restaurants, Bars und Cafes bleiben weiterhin geschlossen.
Am Wochenende wird es wieder heier werden.
Es liegt in Asien zwischen Indien und China.
Auch kleine Geschfte durften wieder aufsperren.
Im Tiergarten Schnbrunn in Wien hat es Nachwuchs bei den Eisbren gegeben.
In den letzten Tagen regnete es aber.
Es gab bis Freitag zwar 39 neu angesteckte Menschen.
Der Regen half zwar beim Lschen der Busch-Brnde, aber das Wetter macht jetzt andere Probleme.
Dort soll er in einem Wildpark mit 600 anderen Elefanten leben.
Das Geld bekommen sie von der Sozialversicherung.
Im Eingangs-Bereich muss man eine Schutzmaske tragen.
Sie wollte noch ausweichen und stie dabei mit einem anderen Auto zusammen.
Diese Bereiche der Wirtschaft sind besonders von der Corona-Krise betroffen.
Mindestens 7 Tote bei Erdbeben in Kroatien.
Lehrer-Gewerkschafter will Maskenpflicht fr alle im neuen Schuljahr.
Im Juli 2018 wurden 597 Quadrat-Kilometer Regenwald abgeholzt.
In sterreich sind mehr als 1.000 Menschen am Corona-Virus erkrankt.
Am Montag haben Bundesprsident Alexander Van der Bellen und die Bundesregierung dieses historische Ereignis gefeiert.
Diese 10-Quadratmeter-Regel wird ab Freitag abgeschafft.
Der Kollektiv-Vertrag soll die Arbeitnehmer schtzen.
sterreich hat derzeit ohne Kroatien Reiswarnungen fr 31 Lnder.
Der Tennis-Spieler Dominic Thiem hat wieder einen groen Erfolg gefeiert.
Derzeit liegen 2.061 Menschen wegen Corona im Spital.
Damit sich der Corona-Virus in Peking nicht noch weiter verbreitet, gelten neue Sicherheits-Manahmen.
Denn das britische Parlament stimmte gegen den Brexit-Vertrag.
Ljubljana - Im nchsten Jahr findet die Fuball-Europameisterschaft statt.
Da fehlt es an Planung, kritisierte der Lehrer-Gewerkschafter.
Dafr wollen die sterreicher heuer durchschnittlich fast genauso viel Geld auszugeben wie im Vorjahr.
Thunberg wurde dafr bekannt, jeden Freitag die Schule zu schwnzen, um fr den Klimaschutz zu demonstrieren.
Viele Menschen verbrannten in dem Zug.
Mit der Sonde sollen Forscher die Atmosphre auf dem Mars zum ersten Mal zu jeder Tageszeit und Jahreszeit beobachten knnen.
Der Grund dafr knnte sein, dass sich einige Flchtlinge in dem Lager mit dem Corona-Virus angesteckt haben.
Wieder Waldbrnde in Kalifornien.
Weil aber so viele Menschen an der Lotterie teilnehmen, kommt sehr viel Geld zusammen.
Erstmals seit etwa 50 Jahren gab es weniger als 100 Millionen Nchtigungen.
Vor 3 Monaten wurde im Tiergarten Schnbrunn in Wien ein Eisbren-Junges geboren.
Lore Krainer bekam auch viele Auszeichnungen.
Das Gemlde "Salvator Mundi" ist das teuerste Gemlde der Welt.
Sie schlgt EU-Gesetze vor.
Man sagt dazu Gehalt oder Lohn.
In Zukunft mssen Kurzarbeiter nicht nur 10 Prozent sondern mindestens 30 Prozent der vollen Arbeitszeit arbeiten.
Viele sagen, dass die FP auch deswegen bei der Nationalrats-Wahl verloren hat.
Derzeit liegt Thiem auf Platz 3 der Rangliste der besten Tennis-Spieler der Welt.
Sie werden in der Stadt Innsbruck im Spital behandelt.
Bisher starben in sterreich insgesamt 8.669 Menschen mit einer Corona-Infektion.
"Br" steht fr Britannien und "exit" ist das englische Wort fr "Austritt".
Seit Mittwoch gelten strengere Gesetze fr Einreise nach sterreich.
Frauen stark von Arbeitslosigkeit in Corona-Krise betroffen.
An manchen Schulen startet die Vorbereitung fr den Abschluss erst spter.
Die sterreicher bekommen im Durchschnitt 76,5 Prozent von ihrem letzten Lohn oder Gehalt als Pension.
Insgesamt wurden rund 111 Texte fr den Ohrenschmaus geschrieben.
Diese Menschen sollen zum Beispiel Morde, Erpressungen und Geldwsche durchgefhrt haben.
Wegen der Corona-Krise ist aber heuer nicht nur an einem Tag Weltspartag.
Die Polizei stellte die Sachen sicher.
Die UNO bittet sterreich deshalb um mehr Geld, damit den Flchtlingen besser geholfen werden kann.
Die sterreichischen Krankenhuser mssen durch den Corona-Virus viel mehr Patienten behandeln.
Am Sonntag hatten schon die Grnen entschieden, dass sie mit der VP ber eine Regierungs-Bildung verhandeln wollen.
Der Niedersterreicher gewann das Finale der US Open.
Das Wort Tafel ist auch ein alter Ausdruck fr einen Tisch, an dem man isst.
Am Montag traf sie Bundesprsident Alexander Van der Bellen zu einem Gesprch.
Das EU-Parlament fordert nun von der EU-Kommission und allen EU-Lndern konkrete Manahmen gegen den Klima-Wandel.
Heftiger Wind und sehr starker Regen richteten groe Schden an.
Das hatte die Gewerkschaft abgelehnt.
Die Parteien SP, FP, NEOS und JETZT haben alle fr das Verbot gestimmt.
Deshalb muss die FP jetzt 372.000 Euro Strafe bezahlen.
Um Trump aber wirklich abzusetzen, mssen beide Teile des Kongresses zustimmen.
Erklrung: Anti-Semitismus.
Mehr als 70.000 Menschen in Japan sind ber 100 Jahre alt.
Sexueller Missbrauch von Kindern ist besonders schlimm, denn meistens knnen sie sich nicht dagegen wehren.
Das Geld wird vor allem verwendet, um Steuern zu senken.
Integration bedeutet, also dass jemand dazugehrt.
Mars-Rover schickt Ton-Aufnahme von Fahrt auf dem Mars.
Derzeit sind in sterreich 432.000 Menschen ohne Job.
Kein Rckgang bei Keller-Einbrchen whrend Corona-Krise.
Wenn es notwendig wird, knnte es auch sterreichweit eine Masken-Pflicht geben, sagte Anschober.
Das passiert, wenn man eine schwere oder ansteckende Krankheit hat oder wenn vermutet wird, dass man sie hat.
Ein Jugendlicher hat in den USA mehr als einen Tag allein in Schnee und Klte berlebt.
Wien/Budapest Heinz-Christian Strache ist Vize-Kanzler von sterreich und Chef der Partei FP.
Die Regierung leiht die Computer den Schlern gratis bis zum Ende vom Schuljahr.
Andere Organisationen wie die Caritas bekamen schlechte Ergebnisse.
US-Prsident Donald Trump hat schon jetzt den Wahlkampf dafr begonnen.
Auch Bundesprsident Alexander Van der Bellen kritisierte die Abschiebung.
sterreicher haben in Corona-Krise mehr gespart.
In China wird die Wirtschaft heuer insgesamt sogar um 1,8 Prozent wachsen.
Der Regenwald in Brasilien wird immer weiter abgeholzt.
In Mexiko sind mindestens 31 Menschen gestorben, weil sie selbst gemachten Schnaps getrunken haben.
4.000 verletzte Fugnger pro Jahr in sterreich.
Am Montag wird bestimmt, welche Mannschaften gegeneinander im Sechzehntel-Finale spielen werden.
Das Parlament von Grobritannien hat am Freitag fr den Brexit gestimmt.
Das haben auch rund 266.000 Menschen in sterreich getan.
Das 2:0 schoss Liverpool kurz vor Spielende.
Durch den extrem starken Regen wurden Straen und Huser berschwemmt.
Die erste gleich-geschlechtliche Ehe drfte damit sptestens am Valentinstag im Februar geschlossen werden.
In welche Richtung der Hurrikan weiterzieht, wei man noch nicht.
Der EU-Rat wird auch Europischer Rat genannt.
Deshalb beschlossen Lnder wie die USA, Frankreich, Grobritannien und Deutschland Sanktionen gegen den Iran.
Nachdem diese Regierung in der vergangenen Woche aufgelst wurde, ist die VP jetzt doch fr ein komplettes Rauchverbot in allen Lokalen.
Mehr als 18.000 Menschen sind insgesamt daran gestorben.
Das Fracht-Schiff hatte vor ber einem Jahr mitten im Atlantischen Ozean technische Probleme und konnte nicht mehr weiterfahren.
Laut Tiergartendirektor Stephan Hering-Hagenbeck lsst sich Millaa Millaa gerne von ihrer Mutter am Rcken herumtragen.
Bei der EU ist es das Geld, das alle EU-Lnder gemeinsam fr die EU ausgeben.
Der Weltspartag wird wegen der Corona-Krise verlngert.
Damit diese Schler diese Hilfe bekommen, gibt es ab Montag den Extra-Frderunterricht.
Am Donnerstag ist er nach Wien gebracht worden.
US-Dichterin Louise Glck bekommt den Literatur-Nobelpreis 2020.
In der Qualifikation fr die EM hat am Sonntag die sterreichische Nationalmannschaft gegen Slowenien gespielt.
Daher fordert die Arbeiterkammer eine Soforthilfe von 200 Euro pro Schulkind zur Familienbeihilfe.
Die strksten Winde waren auf Bergspitzen 180 Stunden-Kilometer schnell.
Taiwan ist das erste asiatische Land, in dem das erlaubt ist.
In sterreich sind die Pensionen hher als in vielen anderen Lndern.
Das ist schlecht, weil dadurch mehr Menschen sterben knnen.
In den USA befrchtet man, dass mindestens 100.000 Menschen durch den Corona-Virus sterben.
Es knnte aber sein, dass die Feuer mit Absicht gelegt worden waren.
In ihrer Heimat Afrika werden junge Geparden oft Beute von Lwen, Hynen oder Leoparden.
Dafr brachte der Mann die Daten zu einer Firma, die Daten vernichtet.
In sterreich werden viele Lebensmittel auf den Mll geworfen.
Mit Cyber-Verbrechen meint man Verbrechen, bei denen Daten oder Computersysteme im Internet angegriffen oder gestohlen werden.
Der Vertrag wurde aber von allen Atommchten abgelehnt.
Die franzsische Hauptstadt Paris will ab 2021 nur noch Tempo 30 in der Stadt erlauben.
Fr dieses Amt wurde sie eigentlich bis Ende 2021 gewhlt.
Razzia gegen Islamisten in sterreich.
53 Menschen wurden verletzt.
Bisher waren aber nur 4 Prozent der Infizierten Heimbewohner.
Auerdem verdienen die Fleischereien weniger als andere Geschfte.
Die Oscars sind die wichtigsten und bekanntesten Film-Preise der Welt.
Die meisten Strafen gab es, weil jemand seine Zigarette einfach auf die Strae geworfen hat.
Grund dafr sind die hohen Corona-Infektionszahlen.
Das Gutachten wurde noch von der ehemaligen Sozialministerin Beate Hartinger-Klein in Auftrag gegeben.
ber 2 Millionen Menschen bei Corona-Massentests in sterreich.
Nur im Burgenland sanken die Mieten.
Die AGES beschftigt viele Gesundheits-Experten.
Dafr mssen sich Journalisten an bestimmte Regeln halten.
Viele Musiker haben ihre eigenen Konzerte schon auf den Herbst verschoben.
Ex-FP-Chef Strache kandidiert fr die DA.
Am Sonntag wurden 248 Neu-Erkrankungen in Sdkorea gemeldet.
Auf Deutsch heit das: "Die Toten sterben nicht."
US-Prsident Trump hatte letzte Woche gesagt, er will die Insel Grnland kaufen.
In den vergangenen 24 Stunden hat es in sterreich 1.943 Neu-Infektionen mit dem Corona-Virus gegeben.
Thunberg bekommt diesen Preis, weil durch sie Forderungen fr mehr Klima-Schutz ernster genommen werden.
Die beiden tragen das Baby gerne auf dem Rcken.
Neue Corona-Virus-Infektionen in sterreich.
Stattdessen entschied sich Mattarella dafr, eine neue Regierung mit Politikern der Opposition aufzubauen.
Viele Teilnehmer bei Demonstration fr Homosexuelle in Wien.
In der Europa League spielen andere gute Mannschaften aus Europa.
Beim Lotto in sterreich hat mehrere Runden lang niemand die richtigen 6 Zahlen getippt.
Das hufigste Modell in Schulen ist nun, dass die eine Hlfte der Schul-Klasse von Montag bis Mittwoch zur Schule geht und die andere Hlfte geht am Donnerstag und Freitag.
Der 27 Jahre alte Auto-Fahrer war sehr stark alkoholisiert.
Diese Woche wurden 3 auslndische Schlerinnen in die Lnder Georgien und Armenien abgeschoben.
Dann verdienen die Firmen mehr Geld und es gibt fr die Menschen mehr Arbeitspltze.
Die Regierung besteht aus den Parteien 5 Sterne und der sozialdemokratischen Partei PD.
Sie hat also nichts mit dem Terror-Anschlag in Wien zu tun.
Im Iran starben sogar schon 124 Menschen durch den Corona-Virus.
2017 wurde das Gemlde in New York fr umgerechnet rund 370 Millionen Euro versteigert.
Der Grund dafr ist, dass sich nicht noch mehr Menschen mit dem Corona-Virus anstecken sollen.
Das htte wohl nicht einmal fr einen Spielzeug-Lamborghini gereicht.
Naturhistorisches Museum Wien zeigt groen Mond-Meteorit.
Fr sie werden extra Rampen gebaut.
Der Verfassungs-Gerichtshof (kurz VfGH) ist eines der wichtigsten Gerichte in sterreich.
Es ist damit die erste Corona-Infektion in Sdamerika.
Es wurde auch viel Holz an das Ufer des Bodensees angeschwemmt.
Das sterreichische Wort des Jahres wird am Donnerstag bekanntgegeben.
In den letzten Jahren gab es bei Kindern sogar Todesflle durch die Grippe.
Alle Parteien im Parlament versprachen, die neue Regierung zu untersttzen.
Zehnter Jahrestag der Katastrophe von Fukushima.
Der US-Prsident mischte sich nmlich in die englische Politik ein.
Bisher sind mindestens 14 Menschen durch die Feuer gestorben.
Vor allem Wohnen und Lebensmittel wurden wesentlich teurer.
In Wien sind 3 Abgeordnete des Gemeinderats aus der FP ausgetreten und haben eine eigene Partei gegrndet.
Der britische Prinz Harry, seine Frau Meghan und ihr Sohn gehren zur britischen Knigsfamilie.
2 Ski-Tourengeher starben in Tirol durch eine Lawine.
Im Durchschnitt verlieren Pendler 29 Minuten am Tag durch Staus.
Dadurch gelang dem WAC zum ersten Mal der Aufstieg ins Sechzehntel-Finale der Europa League.
Das hat der Wiener Brgermeister Michael Ludwig angekndigt.
Die Corona-Krise hat der Industrie in der Eurozone stark geschadet.
Die Grnen erreichten 6,72 Prozent.
Das Fischstbchen ist 60 Jahre alt.
Es gab aber eine Reihe von Computer-Pannen.
Fr Frauen ist es durch Corona am Arbeitsmarkt schwerer geworden.
Im November kamen fast berhaupt keine Gste.
In ihrem Schdel hatten sie 60-100 spitze Zhne.
In sterreich gab es vergangenes Jahr 3 Wolfs-Rudel.
Grund dafr ist, dass Politiker sich in sterreich bei Medien einmischen.
Alle Rennen der Formel 1 zhlen zur Weltmeisterschaft.
Nun sind die beiden wieder gesund und wurden aus dem Spital entlassen.
Am Freitag lehnte er eine Zusammenarbeit mit Rechts-Populisten in der EU ab.
Rund 38.000 Menschen mussten in Notlagern untergebracht werden.
Fast alle sterreicher beherrschen einen Dialekt.
Die Eltern mssen also arbeiten, wenn sie Ruhe haben.
Dieses Bild aus Zauber-Wrfeln ist nun in Paris fr 480.000 Euro versteigert worden.
Mnner waren in den meisten EU-Staaten strker betroffen als Frauen.
Von 3,6 Millionen normal Beschftigten gingen im Frhjahr 2020 28 Prozent in Kurzarbeit, aber nur 5 Prozent wurden arbeitslos.
Es wird keine groen Konzerte geben.
Menschen knnen Corona-Virus auf Hunde und Katzen bertragen.
Ludwig begann Sondierung-Gesprche mit den NEOS.
Mindestens 48 Menschen starben dabei.
Wien - In den 3 Lndern sterreich, Norwegen und Schweden findet gerade die Europa-Meisterschaft im Handball statt.
Die britische Premierministerin Theresa May hat versucht, das britische Parlament von dem mit der EU ausverhandelten Brexit-Vertrag zu berzeugen.
Wegen der Corona-Krise gelten in sterreich seit Mitte Mrz Ausgangs-Beschrnkungen.
Im Haus des Meeres in Wien leben Springtamarine.
Insgesamt spielte sie 70 Jahre am Theater.
Auf einem Schiff vor der Kste im Westen der USA ist ein Feuer ausgebrochen.
Schon bei einem Crash mit 30 km/h kann man sich nicht mehr absttzen, erklrt der AMTC.
Der sterreichische Tennis-Spieler Dominic Thiem hat am Sonntagabend in London gegen den Schweizer Tennis-Spieler Roger Federer 7:5,7:5 gewonnen.
Am Donnerstag sagte er aber, dass er gegen Fremdenhass ist.
Erklrung: Nordkorea und Sdkorea.
Die Umweltschutz-Organisation Greenpeace hat in sterreichischen Supermrkten berprft, ob diese viele Produkte aus sterreich haben.
Nun hat der Verfassungs-Gerichtshof entschieden, die Klage gar nicht anzunehmen.
Wiener Firma entwickelt Fertig-Gerichte aus Insekten.
Beim Alm-Auftrieb und Alm-Abtrieb sind die Tiere festlich geschmckt und haben Glocken um den Hals.
Wer ohne Freisprech-Einrichtung telefoniert, muss 50 Euro Strafe zahlen.
Da aber nicht jedes Land gleich viele Corona-Tests durchfhrt, kann man auch nicht sagen, ob wirklich alle am Corona-Virus erkrankten Menschen gezhlt werden konnten.
Man darf nur aus wichtigen Grnden vom Osten in andere Bundeslnder reisen.
Noch unfreundlicher als Wien sind nur Paris und Kuwait-Stadt im Land Kuwait in Asien.
Bis zu 600.000 Haushalte waren ohne Strom.
Wien gehrt zu den 5 Stdten mit der hchsten Lebens-Qualitt der Welt.
Das passiert, wenn man eine schwere und ansteckende Krankheit hat oder wenn vermutet wird, dass man sie hat.
Das hat eine Online-Umfrage von 6.000 Menschen in sterreich, Deutschland, Italien, Belgien und den Niederlanden ergeben.
Sie werden von Menschen gejagt und ihr Lebensraum wird zerstrt.
Im Tiergarten Schnbrunn in Wien hat es Nachwuchs bei den Erdmnnchen gegeben.
Regierung verlngerte Ausgangs-Beschrnkungen um 3 Wochen.
Britischer Regierungs-Chef Johnson nicht mehr im Krankenhaus.
Die Zahl der Infizierten stieg in den USA auf fast 400.000 Menschen.
Nach der Impfung bildet der Kper der Mutter Antikrper gegen den Corona-Virus.
Salzburg gewann mit 3:1.
sterreich hat derzeit Reisewarnungen fr 37 Lnder verhngt.
Sie bleiben dann zu Hause oder werden in der Schule betreut.
Sputnik V ist in der EU noch nicht zugelassen.
Doch viele wollen nicht, dass die Wirtschaft genau so wie vor der Corona-Krise funktioniert.
Die 400 Millionen 500-Euro-Scheine haben einen Gesamtwert von 200 Milliarden Euro.
Deshalb fuhren auch die meisten Zge und U-Bahnen nicht.
Damit will die UNESCO zeigen, dass man diese Dinge unbedingt erhalten und pflegen soll.
Im Sdatlantischen Meer ist ein riesiger Eisberg auf Kollisions-Kurs mit der Insel Sdgeorgien.
Im sd-amerikanischen Land Brasilien wird die Corona-Krise immer rger.
Laut der Zentralanstalt fr Meteorologie und Geodynamik (ZAMG) war es das strkste Erdbeben der letzten 20 Jahre in der Umgebung.
Heuer waren Ende Jnner auch rund 470.000 Personen in Kurzarbeit.
Der Attentter von Halle hat seine Tat gestanden.
Die Manahme gilt vorerst fr 10 Tage.
Burschenschaften sind Gruppen von Studenten, die sich auch mit politischen Themen beschftigen.
Paenda schied im Halbfinale aber leider aus.
Die Schulnachrichten ber die Leistungen der Schler bekommen die meisten Schler diesmal an den ersten 2 Tagen im neuen Semester nach den Ferien.
Er hat wissenschaftliche Instrumente, Kameras und sogar einen kleinen Hubschrauber an Bord.
Darauf fhrte China Zlle auf Waren aus den USA ein und kaufte weniger Lebensmittel in den USA.
Das waren nur um 9 weniger als am Mittwoch.
Risikopatienten sind Menschen, die schon andere Erkrankungen haben und deshalb anflliger fr Corona sind.
Die Zahl der Urlauber in den Hotels, Pensionen und Ferien-Wohnungen brach um knapp 46 Prozent ein.
FP und NEOS sind gegen die Impf-Pflicht, ebenso einige SP-Politiker.
Gleich-geschlechtliche Ehe und Abtreibung in Nord-Irland erlaubt.
Wenn rzte eine Abtreibung durchfhren, knnen sie fr 10 bis 99 Jahre ins Gefngnis kommen.
Vor einer Woche waren es nur 454.171, also rund 2.000 weniger.
Im Rest von sterreich stand die Ampel auf Grn.
Am wenigsten fuhren die Menschen in Griechenland mit der Bahn.
Schon mehr als 7.000 Corona-Tote in sterreich.
Sie werden gerne in der Landwirtschaft verwendet, um die Pflanzen vor Schdlingen zu schtzen.
Der Film "Joy" gewann gleich in 4 Kategorien einen Preis.
Dabei hat er einen Zug bersehen.
271 Millionen Menschen haben im Jahr 2017 Drogen genommen.
Das am meisten verkaufte Elektro-Auto war der Renault Zoe.
Fast 3.500 Corona-Tote in Altersheimen und Pflegeheimen.
Das wre aber fr die Wirtschaft nicht gut.
Die Behinderten-Organisationen fordern nun, dass Menschen mit Behinderung in sterreich mehr gefrdert werden sollen.
Fixkosten sind Kosten, die immer anfallen.
Laut der Regel muss man auf der Strae mindestens 1 Meter Abstand zu fremden Menschen halten.
In Graz wurde das Film-Festival Diagonale abgesagt.
Darauf haben sich die Regierungs-Chefs der anderen EU-Lnder geeinigt.
Seit der Lockerung des Lockdowns am Montag haben sehr viele Menschen in sterreich eine Corona-Test-Station besucht und sich testen lassen.
Die meisten Infizierten kommen mit mehr als 420.000 aus den USA.
Fr Friseure gilt das nicht.
In der Zentrale der Pariser Polizei erstach ein Mann 4 Menschen.
Er erlaubte aber anderen Comic-Zeichnern, weitere Asterix-Abenteuer zu zeichnen.
Das hat Bundeskanzler Sebastian Kurz angekndigt.
Auf der ganzen Welt hat diese Idee fr Verwirrung gesorgt.
Nur 24 Prozent sind zuversichtlich fr die nchsten 12 Monate.
Das hat Gesundheits-Minister Rudolf Anschober besttigt.
In der Steiermark musste die Feuerwehr Keller auspumpen und umgestrzte Bume wegrumen.
Auch in Niedersterreich hielten sich die Menschen an die neuen Regeln.
Leider kann man Finja nicht besuchen, denn wegen der Corona-Krise wurde der Tiergarten geschlossen.
Ein Junges starb noch bei der Geburt.
Auch Menschen, die Waren fr Geschfte anliefern, drfen mit dem Auto in den ersten Bezirk fahren.
Man kann aus der Birnen-Melone zum Beispiel Marmelade oder Kompott machen.
Deshalb gibt es nun Ausreise-Beschrnkungen.
Das letzte Mal gewann Kansas City vor 50 Jahren den Super Bowl.
Mehr als 1.500 Corona-Neuinfektionen in sterreich.
Dort wollte er sich mit dnischen Politikern treffen und Gesprche fhren.
Nach dieser Rede strmten viele Anhnger von Trump das Kapitol.
Ein Musical ist ein Theaterstck mit Musik und Tanz.
In vielen Lndern gibt es wegen der Corona-Krise strenge Regeln.
In einer Klasse drfen hchstens 18 Schler gleichzeitig unterrichtet werden.
Grund fr den 5-fachen Mord soll die Beendigung der Beziehung durch die Ex-Freundin gewesen sein.
Im Sden des Bundeslandes Burgenland hat es am Dienstag starke Unwetter gegeben.
Derzeit hat die AUA 80 Flugzeuge, in einigen Jahren sollen es nur noch 58 sein.
Aber wegen der Corona-Krise ist der Flugverkehr heuer seit Mrz um 90 Prozent zurckgegangen.
Der verhaftete Feuerwehrmann legte die Brnde, um sie dann selbst lschen zu knnen.
Mindestens 13 Tote bei Autounfall in Kalifornien.
Sicherheitskrfte oder Ermittler finden immer wieder grere Drogen-Lieferungen.
Auch die Universitten werden geschlossen.
Popstar Cher gab Konzert in Wien.
Die Lohn-Steuer wird automatisch vom Lohn abgezogen.
Bei vielen dieser Kinder werden die Schul-Leistungen schlechter werden, frchten die Lehrer.
Rund 370 Schiffe warteten darauf, wieder durch den Kanal fahren zu knnen.
Die 42-jhrige Fahrerin wollte das Auto am Parkplatz abstellen.
Die Matura findet heuer nur schriftlich statt.
Ihnen drohen 10 bis 20 Jahre Haft.
Ausreise-Beschrnkungen im Krntner Bezirk Hermagor.
Prinz Philip von Grobritannien ist tot.
Die USA sagen, dass der Iran auch amerikanische Brger im Land Irak bedroht.
Am Mittwoch ist Prinz Philip von Grobritannien 99 Jahre alt geworden.
Fast 500 Tote in China durch Corona-Virus.
Besonders junge Menschen trennen nun ihren Mll hufiger.
Gebraucht-Wagen sind in sterreich im Jahr 2019 um 8,1 Prozent teurer geworden.
Die Summe, die brig bleibt, ist das Netto-Gehalt oder der Netto-Lohn.
Im Wiener Haus des Meeres sind Grne Mambas geschlpft.
Er ist seitdem Chef der regierenden konservativen Partei und auch Premierminister.
Meistens musste die Feuerwehr umgestrzte Bume entfernen, die Straen blockierten.
Rund 500 Corona-Patienten mssen zurzeit im Krankenhaus behandelt werden.
Treppe aus dem Film "Joker" ist bei Touristen sehr beliebt.
Dadurch kann es auch fters zum Streit kommen.
Neben den Schnell-Tests wird nun auch ein Test-Bus getestet.
Spter nderte Fleming aber den Geburtsort von seiner Figur James Bond in den Geburtsort von Sean Connery in Schottland.
Neuer Gesundheitsminister Wolfgang Mckstein angelobt.
Der Krntner Matthias Mayer hat am Mittwoch die Ski-Abfahrt in Bormio in Italien gewonnen.
Deshalb wollen sterreich und Slowenien jetzt, dass die Pferde bei der UNESCO zum Welt-Kulturerbe werden.
Wenn die Gste ins Lokal kommen, mssen sie Schutz-Masken tragen.
Auch der sterreichische Bundesprsident Alexander Van der Bellen war dabei, ebenso wie Prinz Charles aus Grobritannien.
Beide Klubs kommen aus Tschechien.
Die Schwarz-Arbeit wird auch oft Pfusch genannt und ist verboten.
Springtamarine gehren zu der Gattung der Affen.
Denn die meisten deutschen Touristen reisen jetzt ab oder stornieren ihre bestellten Hotelzimmer.
Biden wird gegen den jetzigen Amtsinhaber US-Prsident Donald Trump von den Republikanern antreten.
2019 haben Emma und Maximilian die Rangliste der beliebtesten Babynamen in sterreich angefhrt.
Die starke Zunahme in Obersterreich hngt mit einer Religions-Gemeinschaft in Linz zusammen, in der sich zahlreiche Grofamilien befinden.
Es sei zu gefhrlich.
Die erste Sommerschule ist am Montag in Wien, Niedersterreich und dem Burgenland gestartet.
Streaming-Filme drfen bei Oscars nominiert werden.
Der Rover Perseverance soll am Donnerstag am Mars landen.
Pro Jahr backen die Menschen in sterreich 26 Millionen Torten und 62 Millionen Kuchen.
sterreichs bester Tennis-Spieler Dominic Thiem hat am Dienstagabend nach 5 Stunden im Viertelfinale der French Open in Paris knapp verloren.
Kmpfe trotz vereinbarter Waffenruhe in Nordsyrien.
Deshalb will die AUA bis 2023 mehr als 650 Vollzeit-Arbeitspltze abbauen.
sterreicher verzichten fr Traumauto auf Schokolade und Urlaub.
Am Freitag und Samstag wird es einige Grad khler werden.
Das riesige Schiff hatte dadurch den kompletten Schiffsverkehr im Suezkanal blockiert.
Doch nun hat die Europische Arzneimittelbehrde EMA empfohlen, den Impfstoff von AstraZeneca weiter zu verwenden.
Joe Biden ist der neue Prsident der USA.
Sie braucht eine andere Partei als Partner.
Auerdem werden sie keine offiziellen Aufgaben mehr fr die Queen bernehmen.
Im Viertelfinale besiegte Brasilien die Mannschaft von Paraguay.
Das sagen Schweizer Wissenschafter.
Derzeit haben 443.465 Menschen keine Arbeit.
In kleineren Orten gehen nur 58 Prozent der Befragten oft zu Fu.
In dieser Ausgabe werden die wichtigsten Fragen zum Corona-Virus und seinen Folgen leicht verstndlich und bersichtlich beantwortet.
Es gibt aber eine Mglichkeit, den Firmen und ihren Mitarbeitern zu helfen.
Eine seiner Tchter wurde bereits mit diesem Impfstoff geimpft.
Der Fuball-Spieler Erling Haaland aus Norwegen hat die Auszeichnung "sterreichs Fuballer des Jahres 2019" erhalten.
In Sankt Plten starb ein Mann bei einem Feuer in seiner Wohnung.
Jedes Jahr kommen viele Touristen nach Italien, um sich den Karneval anzusehen.
Hartberg verlor mit 2:3.
Bei dem Unfall prallten ein Gelndewagen und ein Lastwagen auf einer Kreuzung zusammen.
Ein Konflikt-Gebiet ist ein Gebiet oder Land, in dem aus unterschiedlichen Grnden gekmpft wird.
In einem Wettkampf ist es unfair, solche Stoffe zu nehmen.
Insgesamt besteht die neue Regierung aus 17 Mitgliedern, 9 davon sind Frauen.
Im Monat Mrz hat es in sterreich mehr Flle von huslicher Gewalt gegeben als im Februar.
Im Sden der USA haben viele Tornados mindestens 32 Menschen gettet.
Aber dafr wollen sie selbststndig Geld verdienen.
Mit dem Gurgel-Test sollen alle 3 bis 4 Wochen im Osten von sterreich 15.000 Schler und 1.200 Lehrer berprft werden.
Die Opposition gewann die Wahl in Istanbul.
Die Zahl der in sterreich lebenden Auslnder erhhte sich im Jahr 2019 um 3,3 Prozent.
Der Grund dafr ist, dass das Wirtschafts-Wachstum schwcher wird.
Er gewann 2 Mal Gold bei den Olympischen Spielen.
So will man die Mitarbeiter schtzen, die anflliger fr den Corona-Virus sind.
Wiener Christkindlmrkte finden wahrscheinlich statt.
Die Quarantne-Regel gilt nicht nur fr Urlauber, sondern auch fr britische Brger.
Das Buch kostet 21,95 Euro und man kann es unter der Internet-Adresse www.zoovienna.at/shop bestellen.
Am Mittwoch hat es um 8.30 Uhr in der Gegend von Admont in der Steiermark ein Erdbeben gegeben.
Der Staat sterreich macht 18 Wahl-Leiter fr einige dieser Fehler verantwortlich.
Im Jahr 2022 ist eine Steuerreform geplant.
Es sorgte fr groe Aufregung.
Bisher 19 Tote durch Gletscherbruch in Indien.
Weil zum Beispiel Konzerte aus Sicherheitsgrnden verboten wurden, verdienen die Knstler kein Geld.
Erklrung: Australian Open.
In den Bundesstaaten Bihar und Uttar Pradesh wurden einfache Huser zerstrt.
Heuer wurde dafr ein Kran verwendet, um die Aufbauarbeiten des Wiener Eistraums nicht zu beschdigen.
Es gibt Kollektiv-Vertrge fr viele verschiedene Berufe und ihre Mitarbeiter.
Es kann aber auch sein, dass das Meerwasser in die Flaschen gekommen ist.
Jetzt wird die ursprngliche Frist auf Ende Mrz ausgedehnt.
Man darf sich aber auch im Freien zur Erholung aufhalten, zum Beispiel fr Spaziergnge oder zum Joggen.
Die Arbeitslosigkeit in sterreich ist im Mai gesunken.
Er soll den anderen Afghanen gettet haben.
Die Zahl der Toten und Verletzten wird aber wohl noch steigen.
Domingo ist einer der berhmtesten Opern-Snger der Welt.
Auf der ganzen Welt sollen 750 von insgesamt 3.000 Swarovski-Geschften zusperren.
Damit wird das Risiko kleiner, sich mit dem Corona-Virus anzustecken.
Nur mit einer Matura darf man danach auch studieren.
Sie beschlieen dort Gesetze, die nur in dem einzelnen Bundesland gelten.
Medizin-Nobelpreis fr Wissenschafter aus den USA und Grobritannien.
An Donnerstag ist im Brand-Gebiet in Australien ein Lsch-Flugzeug abgestrzt.
Wenn das Parlament nun fr den neuen Brexit-Vertrag stimmt, dann gibt es einen geordneten Brexit.
Fr viele kleine Geschfte war der Start schwer.
Auerdem waren am Montag noch viele Straen und Bahnstrecken gesperrt.
Bereits rund 140 Corona-Flle in sterreich.
USA zahlen kein Geld mehr an Welt-Gesundheits-Organisation WHO.
Um 2 Uhr mssen die Uhrzeiger auf 3 Uhr umgestellt werden.
Laut Statistik Austria werden in den nchsten Jahren 9 Millionen Menschen in sterreich leben.
Im Norden und Osten kann es sogar schneien.
Vor einer wichtigen Wahl stellt jede Partei einen Spitzen-Kandidaten oder eine Spitzen-Kandidatin auf.
Viele Haushalte hatten deshalb keinen Strom.
Ist die Menge der Rckstnde sehr gro, ist das schdlich fr die Menschen.
In diesem Teil des Kongresses haben aber die Republikaner die Mehrheit.
In sterreich kann sich die Bevlkerung freiwillig auf das Corona-Virus testen lassen.
Im sogenannten Play-off trifft der LASK nun auf Sporting Lissabon.
Viele wollen wissen, ob diese Masken schdlich sind und ob es Unterschiede zwischen den chinesischen und den sterreichischen Masken gibt.
Alleine in Hubei haben sich fast 15.000 Menschen neu mit dem Virus angesteckt.
So viel Kokain wurde in den USA noch nie auf einmal gefunden, sagten die Behrden.
Wien - Am Dienstag ist in einer Wohnung in Wien eine tote junge Frau gefunden worden.
Es wird weniger verschiedene Eintritts-Preise geben, damit der Einlass ins Bad schneller geht.
Ein Mann in den Niederlanden soll seine Familie gettet haben.
Ein Tier-Experte besttigte aufgrund der Fotos, dass es sich tatschlich um ein Krokodil handelt.
Nun drfen aber die kleinen Erdmnnchen heraus und ihre Umgebung erforschen.
Die Grenzen in Slowenien werden fr EU-Brger geffnet.
Auch Gas und Fernwrme kosteten mehr.
Seit September wurde bei den stndigen Buschbrnden in New South Wales eine Flche so gro wie das Land Kroatien zerstrt.
Vielleicht mssen Koalas in Teilen von Australien zur bedrohten Art erklrt werden.
Das ist sehr viel Geld und wird die Finanzen von der Republik sterreich stark belasten.
Sportminister Werner Kogler lehnte aber die Vorschlge Hackers ab.
Der Mann, der gettet wurde, hat die Gas-Leitung in seiner Wohnung absichtlich beschdigt.
Auch die 17-jhrige Umwelt-Aktivistin Greta Thunberg aus Schweden hielt eine Rede.
Denn whrend des Brandes befand sich niemand im Lokal.
Das heit, es werden zu viele Haie aus dem Meer gefangen.
Die Corona-Ampel ist aber keine Verpflichtung, sondern nur eine Empfehlung.
Auch Glas finden viele sehr hygienisch.
Auch viele Lokale mssen schlieen.
sterreicher befanden sich wahrscheinlich nicht in dem Flugzeug.
Das Programm wird wahrscheinlich nicht wie geplant stattfinden knnen.
Die Tigerbabys kommen auch aus der Slowakei und sind erst wenige Tage alt.
Weil die Manahmen gegen den Corona-Virus der Wirtschaft in sterreich geschadet haben, gibt es eine Rezession.
Besonders gefragt waren BMW, Mercedes und Skoda.
Um Mll zu vermeiden sollte man Lebensmittel unverpackt einkaufen.
Zum Beispiel essen oder trinken sie nichts, wenn es hell ist.
Sie hatte bereits seit 2 Jahren Brustkrebs und hielt das vor der ffentlichkeit geheim.
Nach seiner Rckkehr ins Weie Haus sagte Trump, die Amerikaner sollten sich nicht vor Corona frchten.
Man darf nur drauen trainieren und muss 2 Meter Abstand einhalten.
Bester sterreicher ist weiterhin Erwin Wurm.
The Weeknd ist ein Knstlername.
Daher haben sich 20 Prozent von ihnen fr eine Autofahrt in die Berge oder zum See als Urlaubsziel entschieden.
Frher wurden viele Wale gejagt.
Im November 2020 wird in den USA wieder der Prsident gewhlt.
Wie schtze ich mich gegen den Corona-Virus?
Den Begriff mutmalich kennt man von Gerichtsprozessen.
Bisher starben 6 Menschen durch die Brnde, und mehr als 1.000 Huser wurden zerstrt.
An diesem Tag ist es blich, dass man seinem Partner oder seiner Partnerin Geschenke macht.
Wenn jemand schwarz arbeitet, bezahlt er keine Sozial-Versicherung und keine Steuern.
Die EU plant eine europaweite Corona-Ampel.
China will jetzt sogar die Zlle auf viele Produkte senken.
Heuer im August hat es in sterreich weniger Arbeitslose gegeben als im August 2018.
Sie befinden sich auf der ganzen Welt verstreut in 84 Lndern.
Am Freitag am Vormittag regnete es dann in Paris und es wurde khler.
Sie mussten Keller auspumpen und Straen von umgestrzten Bumen befreien.
Mayer hat schon frher im Bereich Kunst und Kultur gearbeitet.
Das passiert, wenn man eine schwere und ansteckende Krankheit hat oder wenn vermutet wird, dass man sie hat.
Im Weien Haus wird Trump weiterhin medizinisch behandelt.
Norbert Gstrein bekam den sterreichischen Buchpreis 2019.
Die Arbeitslosigkeit in sterreich ist im April wegen der Corona-Krise weiterhin sehr stark angestiegen.
Die USA sind auch sehr stark vom Corona-Virus betroffen.
Er war bisher Landes-Hauptmann und wird es wohl bleiben.
Die Philippinen bestehen damit aus 7.641 Inseln.
Laut dem Ergebnis der Stichprobe gibt es also mehr Menschen mit dem Corona-Virus, als bisher bekannt ist.
In sterreich wird jedes Jahr tonnenweise Abfall in der ffentlichkeit weggeworfen.
Russischer Politiker Nawalny wurde vergiftet.
Dann ffnen auch die Kinos wieder.
Die "Mona Lisa" ist das berhmteste Gemlde der Welt.
Dadurch werden chinesische Waren in den USA wieder billiger.
Am Dienstag ist Tichanowskaja aus Weirussland ins benachbarte Litauen ausgereist.
Bei den Protesten gegen Rassismus und Polizei-Gewalt in der Stadt Kenosha in den USA sind 2 Menschen erschossen worden.
Er ist auch der Enkel vom letzten Kaiser von sterreich.
Dadurch sind Lawinen und Muren entstanden.
Viele Experten aus anderen Lndern sind ber die schnelle Herstellung des Impfstoffes in Russland besorgt.
Neuer Rekord an Corona-Infizierten in sterreich.
Die Regierung will Steuern fr niedrige Einkommen senken.
Bundesprsident und Bundeskanzler gedachten Corona-Opfern.
Bisher haben mehr als 600 Menschen aus 60 Lndern einen Platz fr den Weltraum-Flug reserviert.
Ein groer Hund hat am Montag in Schrattenbach in Niedersterreich einen 8-Jhrigen Bub ins Gesicht gebissen.
Die Polizei untersucht jetzt, warum das Feuer ausgebrochen ist.
Das liegt zum Beispiel daran, dass viele Geschfte nicht in den Orten sondern weit auerhalb liegen.
Zadic sagte: "Wir lassen es nicht zu, dass jemand unverschuldet vor die Tre gesetzt wird, denn Wohnen ist ein Grundrecht".
Das Lager stand vollstndig in Flammen.
Erfolg fr sterreichische Skifahrer bei Hahnenkamm-Rennen.
Starke Gewitter ber Brand-Gebieten in Australien.
Ein Teil der Buben war damals noch nicht einmal 14 Jahre alt.
Nach Tschechien ist sterreich damit auf Platz zwei in der EU.
Joaquin Phoenix erhielt den Oscar als bester Schauspieler fr seine Rolle im Film "Joker".
Deshalb mussten die Angesteckten und ihre Familien in Quarantne.
Es wurden sofort Barrieren errichtet, um die Umwelt zu schtzen.
Auch gesungen werden darf nur im Freien oder mit Maske.
16 Millionen Menschen drfen diese Regionen vorerst nicht verlassen.
Feuerwehr-Leute in Spanien versuchen riesigen Waldbrand zu lschen.
Die Schler knnten dadurch sogar die Klasse im nchsten Jahr wiederholen oder sogar die Schule verlassen, frchten die Eltern.
Wenn sterreicher aus diesen Lndern heimkommen, brauchen sie einen Test-Bescheid, dass sie kein Corona haben.
80 Prozent der Befragten wollen ihre Wiener Lokale untersttzen.
Auch die gestohlene Milka-Schokolade ist spurlos verschwunden.
Es gilt nicht fr Menschen, die in der EU leben.
Im Jahr 2017 hatte die FP noch 26 Prozent.
Fr den Massentest kann man sich auf der Online-Plattform www.oesterreich-testet.at anmelden.
Es wurde noch nicht entschieden, wann genau die Schulen wieder ffnen werden.
Kanzler Kurz glaubt, dass diese strengeren Manahmen lnger gltig sein werden.
Das sind der Hallstttersee in Obersterreich, der Achensee in Tirol und der Altausseer See in der Steiermark.
Das teilte das Gesundheitsministerium mit.
Dann muss man auch in diesen Geschften eine Schutz-Maske tragen.
Bei einer Schlamm-Lawine rutscht eine riesige Menge Schlamm ab.
Das heit, sie lassen es einfach irgendwo alleine zurck.
Er ist auch der lteste Zoo der Welt und gehrt zum UNESCO Weltkulturerbe.
Auerdem besuchte er mit seinem Bruder Moritz die Riesen-Schildkrte Schurli.
Die Titanenwurz riecht sehr schlecht.
Trotz der Corona-Krise werden heuer die Christkindlmrkte in Wien stattfinden.
Feldkirch - Im Februar 2019 wurde in Dornbirn in Vorarlberg der Leiter des Sozialamts erstochen.
Der Mann hatte dabei nur eine Badehose an.
Die Frau ging laut Wasser-Rettung beim Schwimmen im See unter.
Der Wald im Stadion kann bis Ende Oktober besichtigt werden.
Am Dienstag hat sich die sterreichische Infrastruktur-Ministerin in Isolation begeben.
Bei dem Unfall erlitten die Kinder und Jugendlichen Prellungen und einen Schock.
Die beiden befinden sich in Quarantne.
Wegen der Corona-Krise nutzen viele Menschen die Chance, bereits vor dem eigentlichen Wahltag zu whlen.
Kunst-Aktion bringt einen Wald ins Stadion.
In sterreich sind insgesamt schon 7.199 Menschen am oder mit dem Corona-Virus gestorben.
Deutsche knnen dann diese Maut aber vom ihrem Land wieder zurck verlangen.
Die Bauern in sterreich knnen daher viele Produkte nicht mehr verkaufen und verdienen kein Geld mehr.
Die Arbeiter wurden von einer Schlammlawine begraben.
Mit knapp 8.900 km pro Person fahren die sterreicher aber noch deutlich mehr mit dem Auto.
sterreicher erwarten neues Jahr mit gutem Gefhl.
Am Wochenende wird es in sterreich noch heier werden.
Regierung plant strengere Antiterror-Manahmen.
Bei den Corona-Patienten soll es sich zum grten Teil um britische Staatsbrger handeln.
Am Donnerstag haben sich die Verhandlungs-Teams der Parteien VP und Grne auf ein Programm fr eine gemeinsame Regierung geeinigt.
Mindestens 32 Tote bei Tornados im Sden der USA.
Im November 2018 hat es in Kalifornien in den USA einen riesigen Waldbrand gegeben.
Los Angeles - Die weltberhmte US-Sngerin Taylor Swift hat wieder bei den American Music Awards gewonnen.
Besucher knnen die 4 kleinen Geparde bereits sehen, denn inzwischen hpfen die Jungtiere durch das Stroh oder auf ihrer Mutter herum.
sterreicher sind nicht zufrieden mit den Corona-Manahmen.
Meteorologen sind Menschen, die sich mit dem Wetter beschftigen.
Ein ungewohnter Anblick bietet sich im Moment den Besuchern im Wiener Stephansdom.
Skifahren in sterreich wird teurer.
Ehemaliger Formel-1-Weltmeister Niki Lauda gestorben.
In einem Lokal drfen hchstens 4 Erwachsene mit ihren Kindern an einem Tisch sitzen.
Das hat Arbeitsministerin Christine Aschbacher erklrt.
Viele Menschen stehen tglich vor einer solchen Barriere.
Bundesprsident Van der Bellen trifft Prsident Putin in Russland.
An diesem Tag schenkt man seinen Partnern jedes Jahr Blumen oder andere kleine Geschenke.
Whrend der Corona-Krise haben die sterreicher mehr Nudeln aus Italien gegessen.
Dafr finden jngere Menschen leichter wieder eine Arbeit.
Wenn sie aber aufs Klo gehen, mssen sie die Masken wieder aufsetzen.
Der Bub war gerade auf den Weg in die Schule.
Lawinen knnen sogar Bume umknicken oder Huser zerstren.
Weitere Insassen wurden schwer verletzt.
Bei lteren Menschen ist die Arbeitslosigkeit leicht gestiegen.
Wegen der Corona-Krise haben derzeit in sterreich viele Fachrzte zugesperrt und Hausrzte haben Notfall-Betrieb.
Anhnger des IS haben in Europa schon mehrere Terror-Anschlge verbt.
Sie sagte, er hatte ja nichts mit dem Video zu tun.
Tempo 30 in Paris ab 2021 geplant.
Die Menschen drfen das Haus nur fr bestimmte Zwecke verlassen.
Das erste Nutella-Hotel entsteht in Kalifornien.
Ab Dienstag gibt es wegen dem Corona-Virus neue Einschrnkungen.
ber den Namen durften Elefanten-Fans auf der Internetseite vom Tiergarten Schnbrunn abstimmen.
Barrierefrei bedeutet fr blinde Menschen zum Beispiel, dass ihnen Dinge mit gesprochenen Worten erklrt werden.
Verletzte nach Streit um Schutzmasken in Obersterreich.
Weniger Firmen-Insolvenzen im ersten Vierteljahr von 2021.
Der neue Vizekanzler ist der Finanzminister Hartwig Lger.
Die FP hat einen neuen Generalsekretr.
Jetzt ist er von einem trkischen Gericht freigesprochen worden und darf die Trkei bald verlassen.
Die Preise fr Benzin und Diesel stiegen ebenfalls.
Die VP musste dafr 800.000 Euro Strafe zahlen.
Den Haag - In den Niederlanden gelten seit Samstag eine Ausgangs-Sperre und schrfere Regeln gegen die Corona-Pandemie.
Im Jahr 2016 bewegten sich rund 71 Prozent der Buben und rund 85 Prozent der Mdchen in sterreich nicht genug.
Er wiegt rund 1.000 Kilogramm und ist 3 Meter lang.
Abgestimmt werden kann sowohl per Brief als auch online.
Am besten bei der Pressefreiheit sind Norwegen, Finnland, Schweden und Dnemark.
Viele Bewohner von dem Haus konnten sich noch in letzter Minute retten.
Italiener Sassoli ist neuer Prsident des Europa-Parlaments.
Lehrer stellen fr Schler bungs-Aufgaben zusammen, die die Schler zuhause machen.
Wegen der Corona-Pandemie kommen weniger Gste nach sterreich.
Dabei drfte er fr kurze Zeit unbeaufsichtigt gewesen sein.
In Hopfgarten in Defereggen in Osttirol wurden durch eine Lawine 3 Huser beschdigt.
Zwergseidenaffen-Nachwuchs im Wiener Tiergarten Schnbrunn.
Die USA und Nordkorea haben schon fter miteinander verhandelt.
Zunchst will die AUA 37 Stdte regelmig anfliegen.
Es ist rund 500 Jahre alt und soll von dem berhmten Maler Leonardo da Vinci stammen.
Die sterreichischen Behrden prfen jetzt, ob der Impfstoff wirksam und sicher ist.
In den vergangenen Tagen hat die deutsche Polizei 3 mutmaliche Betreiber von der Internet-Seite "Wall Street Market" festgenommen.
Als Integrations-Ministerin soll Raab sich intensiv mit dem Thema Migration beschftigen.
Die Familien der damals getteten Menschen haben nun gefordert, dass die Verantwortlichen fr das Massaker endlich bestraft werden.
Gesundheits-Minister Rudolf Anschober sagte nun, dass diese Regelung nicht notwendig ist.
Jetzt knnen sie auch eine Begrndung dazuschreiben.
Facebook kann gezwungen werden, Hass-Postings zu lschen.
In diesem Teil des Kongresses haben aber die Republikaner die Mehrheit.
Warum das hier nicht der Fall war, wird noch berprft.
Die EU will verhindern, dass der Streit zwischen den USA und dem Iran noch schlimmer wird.
Damit will man auch die Eltern auf die Unfall-Gefahren fr Kinder aufmerksam machen.
Bisher konnten Schler ihre Lehrer nur mit Sternchen bewerten.
Bei ihrer Reise wird sie von ihrem Vater, einem Filmemacher und 2 Profi-Seglern begleitet.
Vor Japan sank ein Frachter mit 42 Menschen an Bord.
Erklrung: Rechnungshof.
Bei den Mnnern ging die Zahl der Raucher auf 24 Prozent zurck, bei den Frauen auf 18 Prozent.
Der Juni ist zwar noch nicht vorbei, aber in den nchsten Tagen kommt eine Hitzewelle mit 30 Grad und mehr.
Liverpool gewann das Finale mit 2:0.
Das Spiel fand in Wien im Stadion von Rapid statt.
Er ist der erste sterreicher, dem das gelungen ist.
Wegen dem Corona-Virus hat am Mittwoch die Schutzmasken-Pflicht beim Einkaufen begonnen.
Die kommen normalerweise aus anderen Lndern nach sterreich.
Baustellen arbeiten mit strengen Schutz-Manahmen weiter.
Es starben 2 Personen in der Steiermark, 1 Person in Obersterreich und 1 Person in Niedersterreich.
Am Flughafen der Hauptstadt Manila konnten viele Flugzeuge nicht starten oder landen.
Der 4 Jahre alte Nasenbr Fernando kam sofort, um die Leckereien vom Christbaum zu naschen.
In der Nacht auf Montag ist in der Stadt Salzburg eine junge Frau gettet worden.
Besonders oft werden Lebensmittel oder Kleidung verschenkt.
Bisher waren Flachau, das Groarltal und das Gasteinertal unter Quarantne.
Djokovic verlor am Sonntag das Finale der French Open in Paris gegen Rafael Nadal.
Vorige Woche ist es vor der Kste des Iran auf 2 l-Tankern zu Explosionen gekommen.
2019 wurde der Distelfalter als hufigster Schmetterling gezhlt.
Der groe Verlierer bei der Wahl war die FP mit 17,3 Prozent der Stimmen.
Klopp ist Trainer der englischen Fuball-Mannschaft FC Liverpool.
1.000 davon mchten gerne nach Hause.
In den meisten groen Stdten der Welt wird es heier werden.
Die 4 Lnder Deutschland, Frankreich, Italien und Malta haben sich vor kurzem geeinigt.
Freitesten aus der Quarantne kann man sich nicht.
Dabei macht man vor allem Bewegungen mit den Hnden.
In Australien starben 2 Feuerwehr-Leute bei Busch-Brnden.
Er meldete sich bei der Polizei.
Wegen der Corona-Krise sind in Wien seit Mitte Mrz alle Spielpltze geschlossen.
Denn dann werden zum Beispiel Benzin, Diesel und Heizl billiger.
Naya Rivera war mit ihrem 4 Jahre alten Sohn in einem Boot.
Am kommenden Sonntag gibt es noch ein Formel-1-Rennen in Spielberg.
Dagegen ist aber Bundeskanzler Sebastian Kurz von der VP.
Der obersterreichische Ort Hallstatt ist ein beliebtes Ausflugsziel fr Touristen aus dem Ausland.
Die grte Flug-Linie sterreichs heit AUA und gehrt zur deutschen Lufthansa.
Die Schwimmbder bleiben aber noch zu.
Diese Manahmen beginnen im Dezember und laufen bis Ende 2025.
Ein Schnellbahn-Zug stie seitlich mit einem anderen Zug zusammen.
Die neue Ampel schaut genau so aus wie eine alte Ampel.
Viele sterreicher haben in der Freizeit zu wenig Zeit.
In der derzeitigen Corona-Virus-Krise ist die Arbeit fr Angestellte in Supermrkten besonders anstrengend.
Am Beginn eines Schuljahres soll die Klassen-Gemeinschaft zum Beispiel durch gemeinsame Ausflge gestrkt werden.
In der Stadt Rotterdam wurden mindestens 10 Polizisten verletzt.
Der Mann arbeitete damals noch fr das Bundeskanzler-Amt.
Nun hat man festgestellt, dass der Corona-Virus schon seit Dezember in Italien ist.
Seit einiger Zeit wird in sterreich aber berlegt, den Eurofighter abzuschaffen.
Die Polizei in Salzburg hat eine groe Bande von Drogenhndlern zerschlagen und mehrere Verdchtige festgenommen.
Eine U-Bahn fuhr mit offener Waggon-Tre los.
Weltmeister Hamilton gewann Formel-1-Rennen in Spielberg.
57 Tote bei Kmpfen in brasilianischem Gefngnis.
Das wre ein unverzeihlicher Fehler, sagte Van der Bellen am Donnerstag.
2019 vermerkte die Polizei 120.000 Fahrer, die gegen das Handy-Verbot am Steuer verstoen haben.
Ein Bereich soll sich mit der Gefahren-Forschung beschftigen und der andere Bereich mit der Gefahren-Abwehr.
Steyr/Salzburg - Am Dienstag ist es in sterreich wegen starkem Regen zu Verkehrs-Behinderungen gekommen.
Trotzdem sind noch immer sehr, sehr wenige Kinder in den Schulen.
Aber viele Menschen in sterreich haben zuletzt Kontrollen oder Untersuchungen beim Arzt verschoben.
Das entspricht rund 23 Millionen voll beladenen Lkws.
Wenn sie diesen Bescheid nicht haben, mssen sie 14 Tage lang in Quarantne bleiben.
Auch die stdtischen Sport-Pltze ffnen an diesem Tag.
Laut einer neuen wissenschaftlichen Studie macht viel Geld doch glcklich.
Es gilt aber weiterhin, dass man in der ffentlichkeit 1 Meter Abstand zu anderen Menschen halten muss.
Noch ist aber nicht klar, wie das konkret ablaufen soll.
Wegen einer Corona-Infektion liegen derzeit 2.416 Menschen im Krankenhaus.
US-Prsident Trump wird nicht abgesetzt.
Schon am Mittwoch gewann Austria Lustenau gegen Wacker Innsbruck ebenfalls mit 1:0.
China senkt die Zlle auf Schweinefleisch.
Der Arzt hat so getan, als ob die sexuellen Handlungen ein Teil der Untersuchung sind.
USA verhngen Einreise-Verbot fr Brasilien.
Eine der bekanntesten Streaming-Plattformen ist Netflix.
Vor 11.000 Zuschauern begeisterte die 73-jhrige Musikerin vor allem mit einer starken Bhnen-Show.
Fr Skilehrer werden sie sogar kostenlos sein.
Spter fand man das Boot mit dem Buben mitten im See.
In Griechenland gibt es seit mehreren Tagen Waldbrnde.
In Europa haben vor allem Spanien und Italien sehr viele Corona-Opfer.
Die USA und das Land Iran streiten immer rger.
Doch wegen Corona fand die im Fernsehen gezeigte Preisverleihung ohne Publikum statt.
Die Matura fand versptet mit vielen Sonderregeln statt.
Attacken mit Messern sind seit Jahren ein groes Problem in Grobritannien.
Ein Messer-Stecher verletzte in Bregenz 4 Menschen.
Sie hatten sich bei der Behandlung von Patienten mit dem Virus angesteckt.
Der Brexit wurde schon mehrere Male verschoben.
Warum der Mann das alles getan hat, wei man noch nicht.
Die Behrden in Japan forderten die Menschen auf, sehr vorsichtig zu bleiben.
Es sollen dann wieder Lokale, Hotels und alle Geschfte aufsperren drfen.
Insgesamt lagen am Donnerstag 2.197 Menschen wegen einer Corona-Infektion im Krankenhaus.
Dazu kommen noch der Prsident vom EU-Rat und die Prsidentin der EU-Kommission.
Insgesamt werden bei dem Prozess rund 400 Anwlte und mehr als 900 Zeugen sprechen.
Auf diesem Markt wurden auch Wildtiere wie zum Beispiel Fledermuse verkauft.
Deshalb knnen sterreicher in der Trkei und in Bulgarien am gnstigsten Urlaub machen.
Equal Pay Day bedeutet Tag der gleichen Bezahlung.
Tiroler Lehrer soll 48 Schler missbraucht haben.
In Bad Ischl in Obersterreich soll ein Mann mit einem Bogen einen Pfeil auf seine Ex-Freundin geschossen haben.
Bis Montag war Kurz auch sterreichischer Bundeskanzler.
Dann kletterte er wieder zurck ber den Zaun.
Auch aus den Auspuffen von Autos kommt Kohlen-Dioxid.
Mnner drfen jetzt Mnner heiraten und Frauen drfen auch Frauen heiraten.
Der Ramadan ist der jhrliche Fastenmonat.
Die Schler knnen die mndliche Prfung ganz auszulassen oder sie nur in einzelnen Schulfchern abzulegen.
Fr viele 10-Jhrige ist es auch schwer, die Lernziele im Lesen zu erreichen.
Mitte Mrz entlie man ihn nach Hause, wo er nun gestorben ist.
Aber die erste offene Woche war fr die meisten von ihnen schwer.
In einem anderen Krautsalat waren es sogar 8 Stck Wrfelzucker.
Gleichzeitig streikten auch die Staats-Angestellten.
Ist der Test positiv, wird das den Behrden gemeldet.
Was genau passiert ist, wird noch untersucht.
Die VP wurde mit 30,58 Prozent zweitstrkste Partei.
Der bekannte US-Golfspieler Tiger Woods ist bei einem Autounfall in den USA schwer verletzt worden.
Kansas City (Missouri) - Im Februar findet der Super Bowl in Miami in den USA statt.
Das hat die Statistik Austria bekannt gegeben.
In Spanien gibt es in der Region Katalonien einen riesigen Waldbrand.
Das gilt auch fr Mannschafts-Sportarten wie Fuball und Kampf-Sportarten wie Judo oder Karate.
Der Mann wurde dann ins Spital gebracht.
Mit der 1-2-3-Karte soll man in Zukunft fr alle ffentliche Verkehrsmittel nur einen Euro pro Tag bezahlen, solange man in nur einem Bundesland fhrt.
Zusammen mit dem Friedens-Nobelpreis bekommt das WFP ein Preisgeld von rund 950.000 Euro.
Boris Johnson droht mit einem harten Brexit.
Der Kufer will fr die ffentlichkeit unerkannt bleiben.
Die Zahl der Kurzarbeiter steigt weiter.
In Australien kmpft die Feuerwehr gegen starke Busch-Brnde.
Durch den Brand entstand eine groe schwarze Rauchwolke.
Der russische Prsident Wladimir Putin erinnerte an die zahlreichen Toten des Zweiten Weltkriegs.
Der Mll stammt vom Festland und von Fischerbooten.
Erst mit der Angelobung wird die Regierung eingesetzt und kann mit der Arbeit beginnen.
Sie werfen ihm vor, nicht genug gegen die Brnde zu tun.
Laut einer Studie sind die meisten Menschen in sterreich keine Vielflieger.
Spter arbeitete Seisenbacher als Judo-Trainer.
Das bedeutet, dass das Volksbegehren im Parlament besprochen werden muss.
In Australien hofft man, dass es nicht wieder zu einer Feuerkatastrophe wie im letzten Jahr kommt.
Mindestens 5 Tote bei Vulkanausbruch in Neuseeland.
Nicht in jedem Spital in sterreich kann der Corona-Virus behandelt werden. 59 Spitler wurden nun speziell dafr ausgerstet.
sterreichs Verfassung ist 100 Jahre alt.
In Hiroshima hat deshalb am Donnerstag eine Feier stattgefunden, bei der an die vielen Opfer erinnert wurde.
Ein sehr wichtiges Thema fr die SP in diesem Nationalrats-Wahlkampf ist der Klimawandel.
Am Sonntag hat in Weirussland die Prsidenten-Wahl stattgefunden.
Die VP will den "Falter" verklagen.
Diese Patienten knnen oft nicht mehr alleine atmen und brauchen dafr eine spezielle Maschine.
Bis zum Jahr 2024 wird sie wahrscheinlich ein jhrliches Defizit von rund 80 Millionen Euro aufweisen.
Bis Donnerstag haben das die Grnen, die KP und die Partei "Der Wandel" geschafft.
Derzeit sind in sterreich 403.382 Personen in Kurzarbeit.
Viele frchten aber, dass viele Lokale diese Schlieungen wegen der Corona-Krise nicht berleben werden.
Nachbarn sagen, dass er und die Frau sich scheiden lassen wollten.
Laut Medienberichten sollen die flchtigen Verdchtigen ein schwarzes Auto des Typs Ford Tourneo fahren.
Er kam aber nicht weit, denn die Polizei stoppte ihn nach wenigen Kilometern.
Whrend Corona-Krise wird niemandem Strom, Gas und Wrme abgedreht.
Laut der Umfrage hat etwa die Hlfte aller Schler Schwierigkeiten mit dem Aufstehen in der Frh.
Das besagt eine Studie.
Einige der Neuinfektionen gab es in der Stadt Dalian.
Die Politiker glauben, dass der Premier-Minister sie ausgetrickst hat, um endlich zu einer Entscheidung ber den Brexit zu kommen.
Der Wand-Teppich gehrt zum UNESCO-Weltkulturerbe.
US-Amerikaner verschlang 71 Hotdogs in 10 Minuten.
Am strksten war der Rckgang in Wien.
Am Samstag sind 2 wichtige l-Anlagen in Saudi-Arabien durch Drohnenangriffe beschdigt worden.
Ischgl/Wien -
3 Menschen starben bei Absturz von Lsch-Flugzeug in Australien.
In vielen Autos gibt es eine Freisprech-Einrichtung.
Schwarz-Arbeit ist illegal.
In der spanischen Hauptstadt Madrid hat vom 2. bis zum 15 Dezember die UNO-Klima-Konferenz stattgefunden.
Grund fr den Lockdown sind die vielen Corona-Neuinfektionen.
In China ist vor kurzem ein neuer Virus ausgebrochen.
Sie hat am Sonntag angekndigt, es zu blockieren.
Die Soldaten werden auch an Hotline-Telefonnummern eingesetzt.
49 Prozent der befragten US-Brger sind zufrieden mit seiner Arbeit als Prsident.
Die Schulen wissen noch immer nicht, wie im September der Unterricht gestaltet werden soll.
Ein Handy-Video zeigt, dass bei dem Einsatz ein weier Polizist mehr als 5 Minuten lang auf Floyds Genick kniete.
Die Grenze zu Deutschland ist geschlossen.
Ist jemand mit dem Corona-Virus infiziert, dann kommt der Virus ins Wasser, wenn derjenige aufs Klo muss.
Der Chef der Regierung heit Premierminister.
Die Temperaturen erreichen 20 bis 27 Grad.
Die beiden Mnner aus den USA waren Ende Mai mit dem Raumschiff "Crew Dragon" zur internationalen Raumstation ISS geflogen.
Die meisten Corona-Flle in sterreich gibt es in Tirol.
Die Grnen knnen an der Nationalrats-Wahl teilnehmen.
Oft passieren Unflle mit Kindern, die zu Fu oder mit dem Rad unterwegs waren.
Die Tierfamilie besteht nun aus 8 Affen.
Eine Razzia wird meistens genau geplant, damit niemand entkommen kann.
So knnen zum Beispiel grere Ansammlungen von Menschen entdeckt werden.
sterreich will ihn aber auch einfhren, wenn sich die EU doch dagegen entschliet.
Auf dem Sarg liegt Laudas Rennhelm.
In 3 Wochen wird sie die zweite Impfung erhalten.
Im Friseur-Laden mssen die Kunden gengend Abstand zu anderen Kunden halten.
Salzburg liegt derzeit mit groem Vorsprung an erster Stelle in der Bundesliga.
Wegen der Corona-Krise hat man keine Speisen von Lokalen abholen drfen.
Alle 4 Jahre finden die Sommerspiele statt, und dazwischen alle 4 Jahre die Winterspiele.
In Wien gibt es eigenes Zeichen fr Maskenpflicht in Verkehrsmitteln.
In Italien bilden die Parteien Lega und 5 Sterne gemeinsam die Regierung.
Ludwig zeigte sich begeistert von seinem Paten-Tier.
Es kann aber auch sein, dass der Mann psychische Probleme hatte.
Eigentlich htte es dieses Verbot lngst geben sollen.
Die EU-Kommission will Krebs besser bekmpfen.
Vor 15 Jahren bekam schon die Schriftstellerin Elfriede Jelinek den Literatur-Nobelpreis.
Im strksten Winter-Bundesland Tirol rechnet das Wifo nur mit 3,1 Millionen Nchtigungen.
Schulen, Restaurants und die meisten Geschfte sind geschlossen.
Wenig spter wurde ein 21-jhriger Mann verhaftet.
48.500 Menschen haben sich bereits fr die Impfung angemeldet, das sind 76 Prozent aller Berechtigten in dem Bezirk.
Oder in ihrem Zuhause fehlt das Internet.
Seit Montag kann man in sterreich das Klima-Volksbegehren untersttzen.
Vor allem Tiere wie Koalas, Kngurus und Vgel sind durch die Brnde gettet worden.
Wegen dem Corona-Virus waren viele Geschfte in sterreich seit einem Monat zu.
VP nominierte Kurz zum Spitzen-Kandidaten fr die Nationalrats-Wahl.
Im Bundeslnder-Vergleich haben die Steirer im Vorjahr am meisten gespart.
Die Impf-Dosen sollten offenbar heimlich ins Ausland gebracht werden, obwohl in der EU noch viele Impfdosen fehlen.
Weitere Verdchtige waren am Mittwochnachmittag noch auf der Flucht.
Die Nacht wird also eine Stunde krzer sein.
Die meisten Asyl-Antrge kommen von Menschen aus Afghanistan, Syrien, Iran und dem Irak.
Donald Trump drohte deshalb, Nordkorea zu vernichten.
14-jhriger Bub soll seine eigene Mutter erstochen haben.
Die sterreichische Regierung denkt darber nach, langsam wieder die Geschfte zu ffnen.
41 Tote bei Flugzeug-Notlandung in Moskau.
Auf diese Weise soll die Frau illegal mehr als 4 Millionen Euro bekommen haben.
Zurzeit werden weltweit viele sportliche Ereignisse und Wettbewerbe abgesagt.
Derzeit sind in sterreich 9.930 Menschen in sterreich mit dem Virus angesteckt.
Das Gemse hat eine gelbe Schale mit violetten Streifen.
Danach brach das Flugzeug in mehrere Teile und geriet teilweise in Brand.
Darum hat im Jahr 2020 die Schwarz-Arbeit in sterreich stark zugenommen.
Heute sind 193 Lnder Mitglieder der UNO, das sind fast alle Lnder der Welt.
Dieser Spieler ist dann der Welt-Fuballer des Jahres.
Bereits am Mittwoch wurde ein schwer verletzter Juwelier im Eingang seines Geschftes in Wien gefunden.
Am Dienstag hat fr einen Groteil der rund 1,9 Milliarden Muslime der Ramadan angefangen.
Bei den Toten handelt es sich um seine ehemalige Freundin, ihren Bruder, ihre Eltern und ihren neuen Freund.
Eine Baumaschine hatte aus unbekannter Ursache zu brennen begonnen.
Ende Jnner waren 535.470 Menschen arbeitslos.
Gehalts-Erhhung fr Beamte wurde beschlossen.
Schlielich verbringen sie die meiste Zeit mit schlafen, essen und herumhngen.
Auerdem wird es die Corona-Tests in der Gastronomie und Hotels nun auch fr Fremdenfhrer, Reiseleiter und Skilehrer geben.
Urlaubs-Sperre fr alle Polizisten beschlossen.
Im heurigen November hat es in sterreich weniger Arbeitslose gegeben als im November 2018.
In Saudi-Arabien drfen Frauen bald von allein ins Ausland reisen.
Die Zahl der Corona-Toten stieg auf bisher 6.747 an.
Der sterreichischen Mannschaft fehlt jetzt nur noch 1 Punkt, um fix bei der EM dabei zu sein.
Der Mann wehrte sich und stach dem Krokodil mit dem Finger ins Auge.
Aus diesen Plnen wird wohl vorerst nichts.
Beim Karneval in Venedig verkleiden sich die Menschen in fantasievollen Kostmen und tragen Masken.
Die Tierpfleger mssen dabei sehr vorsichtig sein, weil auch die Schlangenbabys schon sehr giftig sind.
Am Mittwoch ist er wegen Mord von einem Gericht in Feldkirch zu lebenslanger Haft verurteilt worden.
Gesundheitsminister Rudolf Anschober sagt, dass der Hhepunkt der Corona-Krise zwischen Mitte April und Mitte Mai sein wird.
Heuer ist die Grippe-Impfung zum ersten Mal im kostenlosen Impfprogramm fr Kinder enthalten.
US-Prsident Trump droht der EU mit Zllen.
Sie halten viele Reden bei groen Veranstaltungen und man sieht sie oft in den Medien.
Vor Weihnachten wollen sich noch viele sterreicher gratis auf das Corona-Virus testen lassen.
Es gibt dann nmlich feste Regeln, wie alles nach dem Brexit funktioniert.
Bei der Nationalrats-Wahl im Jahr 2017 haben die Parteien VP, SP und FP mehr Geld ausgegeben, als erlaubt war.
Am Wochenende spielte er im Finale gegen Daniil Medwedew aus Russland.
Ein Drittel der Befragten braucht das Auto sogar unbedingt, um tgliche Wege zu erledigen.
Der sterreichische Tennis-Spieler Dominic Thiem hat das Tennis-Turnier in Peking in China gewonnen.
Im Haus des Meeres haben die Springtamarine Nachwuchs bekommen.
Nach der Tat setzte sich der Tter hin und wartete auf die Polizei.
Wenn jemand schwarz arbeitet, dann zahlt er keine Sozial-Versicherung und auch keine Steuern.
Laut einer Studie werden arme Kinder fter krank.
Kletter-Verbot auf dem Berg Uluru in Australien.
Er wurde vor allem durch das Titellied zur Zeichentrick-Serie "Biene Maja" bekannt.
Brennende Teile von dem Hochhaus fielen aus groer Hhe hinunter und beschdigten parkende Autos.
Seit Monaten wird in den USA die Hlfte aller Waren aus China mit Straf-Zllen belegt.
Fr diese Aufgaben brauchen die Schler aber einen Computer.
Andere Fuball-Mannschaften mssen sich in einem vorherigen Bewerb noch qualifizieren.
Wenn man nichts mehr zum Essen daheim hat, muss man einkaufen gehen.
Der Schriftsteller Hugo von Hofmannsthal hat das Theaterstck "Jedermann" im Jahr 1911 verffentlicht.
Wieder Streiks in der Sozial-Wirtschaft.
Und sie sagen, dass sie genug Lebensmittel und Hygiene-Artikel fr alle in ihren Lagern haben.
In Russland kommen wieder Eisbren an die Ksten.
Auch Koalas leiden unter den Busch-Brnden in Australien.
Viele Menschen sind von Kurz-Arbeit betroffen -
In den vergangenen 24 Stunden hat es in sterreich bis Donnerstag am Vormittag 2.906 Neu-Infektionen mit dem Corona-Virus gegeben.
Nun gibt es einen neuen Generalsekretr.
Dagegen ist die Zahl der Arbeitslosen ganz leicht gesunken, nmlich um rund 1.600.
Auerdem wirft die EU den USA vor, dass sie dem US-Flugzeughersteller Boeing Subventionen geben.
Gleichzeitig verlngerte Trump die Schutz-Manahmen gegen den Corona-Virus bis Ende April.
Dafr muss eine Partei einen Misstrauens-Antrag stellen.
Insgesamt sind in sterreich derzeit mehr als 3.470 Menschen mit dem Virus infiziert.
Zum Auenhandel gehren Exporte und Importe.
Wegen Corona gibt es heuer aber wieder Einschrnkungen bei den Feierlichkeiten.
Im wichtigen Bundesstaat Pennsylvania konnte er Trump berholen.
Wenn man niest, werden die Viren wieder in die Luft geschleudert.
Damit gibt zum ersten Mal seit Weihnachten weniger als 500.000 Arbeitslose.
Das hat der Wiener Integrations- und Bildungs-Stadtrat Christoph Wiederkehr angekndigt.
Der Streik kann auch ber Weihnachten andauern.
Die Arbeiterkammer ist eine Organisation, die Arbeitnehmern hilft.
Das hat der APA/OGM-Vertrauensindex ergeben.
Laut Global 2000 sind FFP2-Masken frei von Schadstoffen.
Viele der missbrauchten Buben waren erst 13 Jahre alt.
Die 16 Jahre alte schwedische Klima-Schtzerin Greta Thunberg bekommt heuer den Alternativen Nobelpreis.
So darf niemand zwischen 21 Uhr abends und 7 Uhr frh auf dem Sand-Strand sein.
Als Opposition gelten alle Parteien, die im Parlament vertreten sind, aber nicht der Regierung angehren.
Am Sonntag hat in Weirussland die Prsidenten-Wahl stattgefunden.
Der Bub wurde am Sonntag mit einem Hubschrauber in ein Krankenhaus geflogen.
Vater kmpfte mit einem Bren um seinen Sohn.
Der derzeit weltbeste Tennis-Spieler Novak Djokovic aus Serbien wird heuer erstmals seit 2007 dabei sein.
Es ist aber nicht verboten, mit Geldscheinen oder Mnzen zu bezahlen.
Einsatz-Teams fr schnellere Corona-Tests an Schulen in Wien.
Dabei darf man den Gegen-Spieler auch festhalten und umschmeien.
Manchen wurden auch Gegenstnde nachgeworfen, andere wurden getreten oder geschlagen.
Im Tiergarten Schnbrunn in Wien hat es Nachwuchs bei den Weihand-Gibbons gegeben.
Die Massentests haben in Wien, Vorarlberg und Tirol begonnen.
Laut Statistik Austria gab es heuer dadurch um 92,3 Prozent weniger Nchtigungen als im Vorjahreszeitraum.
Die neuen Gesetze regeln, welche Manahmen die Regierung im Kampf gegen das Corona-Virus ergreifen kann.
Im Jahr 2019 hat sich in sterreich 122.800 Unflle mit Kindern gegeben.
In der afghanischen Hauptstadt Kabul hat es am Mittwoch einen Anschlag auf ein Polizeigebude gegeben.
Die Arbeitslosigkeit in sterreich ist im August gesunken.
May versuchte alles, um das Parlament von ihren Brexit-Plnen zu berzeugen, doch sie scheiterte.
Die Busch-Brnde in Australien dauern schon mehrere Monate und konnten immer noch nicht gelscht werden.
Die Brder Eddie und Alex Van Halen wurden in Amsterdam in den Niederlanden geboren.
Weil so viele Menschen aus den Stdten flchten, wird das Benzin an den Tankstellen knapp.
Viele Syrer sind deshalb in die Trkei geflchtet.
Fast 2,5 Milliarden Menschen leben in Lndern, die so arm sind.
Wegen einer Corona-Infektion lagen am Montag 2.362 Menschen im Krankenhaus.
Seltene Rothschild-Giraffe im Zoo Schmiding geboren.
Zweiter wurde Virgil Van Dijk vom Club FC Liverpool aus England.
Wien Noch immer kann wegen der Corona-Pandemie das alltgliche Leben nicht wie gewohnt stattfinden.
In der Metall-Industrie haben sich am Donnerstag die Gewerkschaft und die Arbeitgeber berraschend auf eine Lohn-Erhhung geeinigt.
Aber die Wiener wollen nicht auf die Tiere verzichten.
Noch bekommen die jungen Erdmnnchen Milch von ihrer Mutter.
In der Nacht auf Mittwoch ist im Hafen der italienischen Stadt Ancona ein groer Brand ausgebrochen.
Damit wre es am Abend lnger hell und in der Frh eine Stunde lnger dunkel.
Dritter wurde berraschend der McLaren-Fahrer Lando Norris.
Wenn man aus den Lndern des Westbalkans nach sterreich zurck kommt, muss man einen Corona-Test machen und 14 Tage zuhause in Quarantne sein.
Bei dem Brand wurden viele Wohnungen und das Dach des Hauses zerstrt.
Solingen - Eine Frau in der Stadt Solingen in Deutschland soll 5 ihrer 6 Kinder gettet haben.
Wenn ein Schler durch Streit oder Gewalt auffllt, muss er die Klasse verlassen und kommt in eine Time-Out-Gruppe.
Am Wochenende wird es warm und unbestndig.
In sterreich wird zu wenig Obst und Gemse produziert.
Der Burgenlndische Landtag hat am Montag wieder Hans Peter Doskozil von der SP als Landes-Hauptmann gewhlt.
Trumps Arzt sagte, dass Trump noch nicht ganz gesund ist.
Seit kurzem ist der neue Film "Mulan" von Disney zu sehen.
Seit 10 Jahren wurden dort tausende Dinosaurier-Knochen ausgegraben.
Inzwischen sind die 2 Jungtiere aber gro genug, um kleine Ausflge zu unternehmen.
Dabei sollten Zebrastreifen doch Fugngern ermglichen, sicher ber die Strae zu gehen.
In Obersterreich ist ein 14 Monate alter Bub aus dem Fenster gestrzt und gestorben.
Zu Ost-sterreich gehren die Bundeslnder Wien, Niedersterreich und Burgenland.
Um ein Fnftel mehr Arbeitslose im September als im Vorjahr.
Die Polizei erschoss den Terroristen.
Im Zoo in der deutschen Stadt Krefeld hat es in der Silvester-Nacht gebrannt.
Bundeskanzler Sebastian Kurz kndigte eine Maskenpflicht in allen Schulen auerhalb der Klassen an.
Man darf also wirklich nur dann nach drauen gehen, wenn man in die Arbeit muss oder Lebensmittel einkaufen geht.
Tafel ist nicht nur eine Schul-Tafel, auf der mit Kreide geschrieben wird.
Das soll nun der Plan vom Finanzministerium ndern.
Nach rund 30 Stunden im Freien wurde er von Skifahrern entdeckt.
Wegen der Corona-Krise gibt es in sterreich viel mehr Arbeitslose.
Am Mittwoch hat der Iran bekanntgegeben, dass er teilweise aus dem Atom-Abkommen aussteigt.
Chelsea gewann gegen das deutsche Team Eintracht Frankfurt im Elfmeterschieen.
Das stellte das Gesundheits-Ministerium klar.
Diese Frderung wurde beschlossen, weil es in den letzten Jahren immer heier wurde.
Bisher sind das die Grnen.
So soll sich der Corona-Virus nicht weiter verbreiten knnen.
US-Soldaten bei Raketenangriff des Iran vor einer Woche verletzt.
In den vergangenen 24 Stunden hat es in sterreich 2.412 Neu-Infektionen mit dem Corona-Virus gegeben.
Die meisten Staus in sterreich gibt es in Wien.
In sterreichs Schulsystem wird das Lesen nicht gut genug gelernt.
Ab nchster Woche muss man auch in ffentlichen Verkehrsmitteln eine Maske tragen.
In Obersterreich wurde der Hochwasser-Alarm ausgelst, da der Wasserstand von Flssen mehrere Meter anstieg und drohte bald berzulaufen.
Stand-Up-Board ist englisch und heit bersetzt Steh-Brett.
Seit heuer soll es aber jedes Jahr erhht werden, so wie die Pensionen.
Deshalb wird auch der jetzige Fall mit dem Hubschrauber genau untersucht.
Italien, Spanien und Frankreich sind in Europa am strksten vom Corona-Virus betroffen.
Und sie sollen Abstand von einander halten.
Trumps Herausforderer von den Demokraten ist Joe Biden.
Man muss die Wrfel so oft verdrehen, bis jede Seite des Zauber-Wrfels jeweils nur eine Farbe hat.
Wieso sterben in Italien so viele Menschen am Corona-Virus?
Die meisten der vermissten Personen tauchen aber schon nach kurzer Zeit und ohne Verletzungen von selbst wieder auf.
Im Sommer 2018 wurde in Obersterreich der Zahn eines Meeres-Sauriers gefunden.
Dort wurde festgestellt, dass er doch vergiftet wurde.
Die restliche Milch wurde am Bauernhof als Futter fr die Tiere genutzt.
Auch viele Stars mussten ihr Zuhause verlassen, zum Beispiel der sterreichische Schauspieler Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Am Mittwoch haben bereits einige prominente sterreicher das Klima-Volksbegehren unterschrieben.
Das heit, er kann bei Menschen oder Tieren Krankheiten auslsen.
Auerdem mssen die Schler in nur 3 Fchern antreten.
Die EU ernennt jedes Jahr mindesten 2 Stdte zur Kultur-Hauptstadt Europas.
Fr Lkw-Fahrer und fr manche Angestellte im Gesundheits-Bereich gilt die Regel nicht.
Als erster Mensch in den USA bekam die Krankenschwester Sandra Lindsay die Impfung.
Im Jahr 2019 stieg die Bevlkerungszahl auf 8.902.600 Menschen.
Der Impfstoff stammt von der deutschen Firma Biontech und der US-Firma Pfizer.
Mehr als 120.000 Kinderunflle pro Jahr in sterreich.
Das zeigt laut AK, dass in Krisenzeiten mehr Arbeitnehmer krank in die Arbeit gehen.
E-Zigaretten sind Zigaretten, bei denen eine Flssigkeit elektrisch verdampft wird.
Man soll sich seine Medikamente ganz normal verschreiben lassen.
Der Mann ging danach selbst zur Polizei und gestand seine Tat.
Der Schicht-Betrieb an Schulen hat am Montag begonnen.
Gegrndet wurde die Kinderhilfs-Organisation von Hermann Gmeiner.
Auerdem muss man nachweisen, dass die Manahmen geholfen haben.
sterreicher mehrheitlich zufrieden mit Abschaffung der Sommerzeit.
In der Nacht auf Sonntag werden die Uhren wieder auf Sommerzeit gestellt.
Dazu muss aber noch viel gemacht werden.
Im Ort Apfelberg in der Steiermark hat die Feuerwehr eine Kuh aus einem Swimming-Pool gerettet.
Die Container haben die gleiche Form und Gre.
Die beiden Zauberer nannten sich Siegfried und Roy.
Der Fahrer von dem Auto wurde von der Polizei festgenommen.
Weniger Diesel-Autos in sterreich verkauft.
Fr Messen in Kirchen und im Freien gibt es nun Corona-Regeln.
Das war zu wenig, Rapid ist damit in der Europa League ausgeschieden.
Die Maskenpflicht knnte noch ausgeweitet werden, sollten die Menschen deswegen auf andere Pltze ausweichen.
An insgesamt 41 Orten werden sich die Wiener gegen Grippe impfen lassen knnen.
In Grobritannien gibt es wegen Corona eine Quarantne-Regel.
Dazu reichte im Spiel gegen Weirussland ein Unentschieden.
Ein Hund fand seine Spur.
Die Gruppe soll unter anderem geplant haben, eine Rechtsanwltin zu entfhren.
Der Fuball-Klub LASK aus Linz hat in der Europa League gegen den Klub Rosenborg Trondheim aus dem Land Norwegen gewonnen.
Rund 280.000 Menschen mussten damals ihre Huser verlassen.
In sterreich ist es derzeit sehr hei, und es wird teilweise noch heier.
Spter arbeitete er auch als Fuball-Trainer.
Zeugen sahen den Mann vor den Sommerferien im Garten.
Er bekam auch ein Preisgeld von rund 830.000 Euro und eine Medaille.
Neu-Ansteckungen mit Corona-Virus in China durch Einreisende.
In einer Koran-Schule in Pakistan ist eine Bombe explodiert.
3 weitere Gemeinden in Salzburg unter Quarantne.
Wenn Menschen in sterreich lnger keine Arbeit haben und nicht genug Geld zum Leben haben, dann bekommen sie Geld vom Staat.
Proteste gegen Disney-Film "Mulan".
In ganz sterreich haben sich innerhalb von 24 Stunden wieder mehr als 100 Menschen mit dem Corona-Virus infiziert.
Damit will man verhindern, dass sich der Corona-Virus weiter ausbreiten kann.
In Gnserndorf in Niedersterreich ist am Montag ein Auto in ein Einrichtungshaus gekracht.
600 Menschen sind an dem Virus gestorben.
In sterreich haben sich mittlerweile mehr als 200 Menschen mit dem Corona-Virus angesteckt.
Spter nahm ihn die Polizei fest.
Das hat Gesundheitsminister Rudolf Anschober angekndigt.
Im heurigen August waren 422.910 Menschen arbeitslos, das waren um 92.219 mehr als im August letzten Jahres.
Auch das war laut VfGH gesetzwidrig, weil nicht alle Geschfte gleich behandelt wurden.
Bundeskanzler Kurz machte den sterreichern Mut, dass sterreich die Corona-Krise gut bewltigen werde.
Von der Leyen ist die Prsidentin der EU-Kommission.
Taucher finden Schnaps in einem im Jahr 1917 versenkten Schiff.
Auch in einigen Teilen von sterreich konnte man das Erdbeben spren.
Bei der Angelobung leisten alle Mitglieder einer neuen Regierung einen Amts-Eid.
Im Juni 2017, also erst 1 Jahr nach der Abstimmung fr den Brexit, haben die Verhandlungen zwischen Grobritannien und der EU begonnen.
Allerdings war der Test negativ.
Es ist das Gebude, wo der amerikanische Prsident arbeitet und wohnt.
Auerdem wurden die Rennen in den Niederlanden und Barcelona in Spanien verschoben.
Zu Fiat Chrysler gehren die italienischen Marken Fiat, Lancia, Alfa Romeo und Maserati und die US-amerikanischen Marken Chrysler, Dodge und Jeep.
Im Dezember 2019 hat es in sterreich weniger Arbeitslose gegeben als im Dezember 2018.
Das ist eine grere Steigerung als in vielen anderen EU-Lndern.
Dazu braucht man ganz besondere Programme.
Nun nennt sich Neuwirth nur noch Wurst.
In den USA haben Hacker 150.000 berwachungs-Kameras gehackt.
Dabei erstrahlen viele bekannte Gebude auf der ganzen Welt grn.
Die Lehrer haben neue Lern-Aufgaben ber das Internet an die Computer der Schler geschickt.
Das Unwetter war so stark, dass auch ein Spiel der Fuball-Bundesliga abgesagt wurde.
Beim Schiffs-Brand in den USA starben wahrscheinlich 34 Menschen.
Erste Corona-Massentests in Salzburg durchgefhrt.
Der groe britische Reise-Veranstalter Thomas Cook ist pleite und hat die Insolvenz beantragt.
Die 3 Betreiber wurden seit Mrz von den Behrden beobachtet.
Die Milch-Produktion ist im Jahr 2018 um knapp 3 Prozent gestiegen.
In sterreich ist die Tomate das beliebteste Gemse.
Dadurch verkauft FACC weniger und will viel Geld einsparen.
Von dieser Firma kauften viele Lnder Gerte, um ihre geheimen Gesprche vor anderen zu schtzen.
Sie halfen Menschen, die durch das Hochwasser von der Auenwelt abgeschnitten waren.
In sterreich haben Unwetter groe Schden angerichtet.
In China ist vor kurzem ein neuer Virus ausgebrochen.
Van der Bellen sprach davon, dass die Verfassung die Grund- und Freiheitsrechte von allen schtzt.
Vor 74 Jahren warfen die USA zum ersten Mal eine Atombombe ab.
Nun vermuten rzte, dass 17 Personen in der Gemeinde Jochberg in Tirol die britische Art von Corona-Virus haben.
Die Masken-Pflicht finden die sterreicher hingegen nicht so schlimm.
Verschiedene Wrter oder Buchstaben werden durch verschiedene Handbewegungen gezeigt.
Der Afro-Amerikaner wurde von Polizisten in den Rcken geschossen und dabei verletzt.
Auerdem verbringen sie nun mehr Zeit mit Fernsehen, dem Handy oder Computer-Spielen.
Zwischen Juni und September sterben jhrlich viele Menschen in Indien an solchen Blitzeinschlgen.
Das ist nun bei VP und den Grnen aber anders.
Wegen der Corona-Krise verkauft MAN weniger Fahrzeuge.
Insgesamt war das Leben in sterreich durchschnittlich um 1,5 Prozent teurer als im August 2018.
Etwa 10 Tage danach verschlechterte sich sein Zustand stark, er musste ins Krankenhaus.
Mit Atommchten sind Lnder gemeint, die Atomwaffen besitzen.
Viele Menschen halten Maradona fr den besten Fuballer aller Zeiten.
Dass man zurzeit nur sehr wenig aus dem Haus gehen und andere Leute treffen darf, finden die meisten gut.
Gegen die neuen Corona-Gesetze stimmten die FP und die NEOS.
Der Tierquler wurde noch nicht gefunden.
Bundeskanzler Sebastian Kurz von der VP und Vizekanzler Werner Kogler von den Grnen stellten den Abgeordneten das neue Regierungsteam vor.
Der sterreichische Tennis-Spieler Dominic Thiem hat am Samstag das Turnier von Kitzbhel in Tirol gewonnen.
Insgesamt wird in sterreich mehr Fleisch produziert als gegessen.
Beim Welt-Wirtschafts-Forum treffen sich Politiker, Firmen-Chefs und Wissenschafter aus der ganzen Welt und sprechen ber verschiedene Themen.
EU-Kommissare sind hohe EU-Beamte, die sich um einen bestimmten Bereich kmmern, zum Beispiel Finanzen oder Landwirtschaft.
Dabei werden die Partei-Mitglieder dem Vorschlag zustimmen, dass Joe Biden fr sie in der Prsidentschafts-Wahl im November antreten wird.
2018 waren es noch 47 gettete Fugnger, im Jahr 2019 wurden 68 Fugnger bei Verkehrsunfllen gettet.
Der Winter hat in ganz sterreich begonnen.
Van der Bellen bedauerte den Ausstieg der USA aus dem Pariser Klimaschutz-Abkommen.
Das Ergebnis ist jetzt da und erfreulich.
Seit Dienstag drfen aber nun viele Geschfte wieder aufmachen.
Zum Geburtstag bekam Yang Yang von den Tierpflegern eine Torte mit ihren Lieblings-Zutaten Bambus-Sprossen, Karotten und Rote Rben.
Tokio Durch den sehr starken Taifun sind in Japan bisher 66 Menschen gestorben.
Arbeitslosigkeit in sterreich steigt weiter.
Wer diesen Corona-Pass hat, soll dann zum Beispiel in Lokale und Veranstaltungen gehen drfen.
Er vertritt den Prsidenten zum Beispiel bei Krankheit.
Der US-Jazzpianist Chick Corea ist am Dienstag mit 79 Jahren an der Krankheit Krebs gestorben.
Polizei verhaftete mutmalichen Bogenschtzen in Obersterreich.
Die andere Mannschaft muss versuchen, einen Ei-frmigen Ball im Feld weit nach vorne zu bringen.
Es ist das schwerste Erdbeben in Albanien seit Jahrzehnten gewesen.
Dabei blieb die SP die mit Abstand strkste Partei.
Sie war vor 2 Wochen von Grobritannien aus mit einem Segelboot gestartet.
Besonders Menschen in der Stadt leiden unter der Hitze.
Ab Anfang Dezember soll es die Schnelltests fr Schulen in ganz sterreich geben.
Jazz-Legende Chick Corea starb im Alter von 79 Jahren.
Der Impfstoff stammt von der deutschen Firma Biontech und der US-Firma Pfizer.
Auch die SP stimmte dafr.
Whrend der Corona-Krise wird niemand Strom, Gas und Wrme abgedreht.
2020 wurden in den ersten 10 Monaten um 14,8 Prozent mehr Nudeln aus Italien importiert als noch 2019.
Die Arbeitslosigkeit steigt weiter.
sterreicher sehen Regionalitt als gut an.
Heuer ist Robert Lewandowski zum Welt-Fuballer gewhlt worden.
Das Zeugnis vom letzten Jahr wird in die Note miteingerechnet.
Fr alle Lokale wird die Sperrstunde auf 1:00 Uhr vorverlegt.
Derzeit sind in sterreich fast 475.000 Menschen in Kurzarbeit.
Menschen knnen viele Krankheiten haben, zum Beispiel Grippe oder Lungenentzndung.
Durch diese Brnde sind bisher ungefhr eine Milliarde Tiere in Australien gettet worden.
2018 kamen in sterreich ber 84.000 Kinder auf die Welt.
Frau und Kinder nach ber einem Monat aus dem Regenwald gerettet.
In Kalifornien in den USA gibt es zurzeit Waldbrnde.
11 Tote nach einer Schieerei in Deutschland.
Die Statue wurde 1921 eingeweiht, das bedeutet, dass sie heuer ihr 90-jhriges Jubilum feiert.
90 Jahre alter Baum in der Nacht in Wien umgesiedelt.
Zahlreiche Feuerwehren waren im Einsatz.
sterreich hat von allen Lndern in Europa den grten Anteil an biologischer Landwirtschaft.
Damit sind bisher 5.654 Infizierte in sterreich gestorben.
Das sagt die Rangliste des britischen Reisefhrers "Lonely Planet".
Doch Restaurants, Bars und Cafes bleiben weiterhin geschlossen.
Am Wochenende wird es wieder heier werden.
Es liegt in Asien zwischen Indien und China.
Auch kleine Geschfte durften wieder aufsperren.
Im Tiergarten Schnbrunn in Wien hat es Nachwuchs bei den Eisbren gegeben.
In den letzten Tagen regnete es aber.
Es gab bis Freitag zwar 39 neu angesteckte Menschen.
Der Regen half zwar beim Lschen der Busch-Brnde, aber das Wetter macht jetzt andere Probleme.
Dort soll er in einem Wildpark mit 600 anderen Elefanten leben.
Das Geld bekommen sie von der Sozialversicherung.
Im Eingangs-Bereich muss man eine Schutzmaske tragen.
Sie wollte noch ausweichen und stie dabei mit einem anderen Auto zusammen.
Diese Bereiche der Wirtschaft sind besonders von der Corona-Krise betroffen.
Mindestens 7 Tote bei Erdbeben in Kroatien.
Lehrer-Gewerkschafter will Maskenpflicht fr alle im neuen Schuljahr.
Im Juli 2018 wurden 597 Quadrat-Kilometer Regenwald abgeholzt.
In sterreich sind mehr als 1.000 Menschen am Corona-Virus erkrankt.
Am Montag haben Bundesprsident Alexander Van der Bellen und die Bundesregierung dieses historische Ereignis gefeiert.
Diese 10-Quadratmeter-Regel wird ab Freitag abgeschafft.
Der Kollektiv-Vertrag soll die Arbeitnehmer schtzen.
sterreich hat derzeit ohne Kroatien Reiswarnungen fr 31 Lnder.
Der Tennis-Spieler Dominic Thiem hat wieder einen groen Erfolg gefeiert.
Derzeit liegen 2.061 Menschen wegen Corona im Spital.
Damit sich der Corona-Virus in Peking nicht noch weiter verbreitet, gelten neue Sicherheits-Manahmen.
Denn das britische Parlament stimmte gegen den Brexit-Vertrag.
Ljubljana - Im nchsten Jahr findet die Fuball-Europameisterschaft statt.
Da fehlt es an Planung, kritisierte der Lehrer-Gewerkschafter.
Dafr wollen die sterreicher heuer durchschnittlich fast genauso viel Geld auszugeben wie im Vorjahr.
Thunberg wurde dafr bekannt, jeden Freitag die Schule zu schwnzen, um fr den Klimaschutz zu demonstrieren.
Viele Menschen verbrannten in dem Zug.
Mit der Sonde sollen Forscher die Atmosphre auf dem Mars zum ersten Mal zu jeder Tageszeit und Jahreszeit beobachten knnen.
Der Grund dafr knnte sein, dass sich einige Flchtlinge in dem Lager mit dem Corona-Virus angesteckt haben.
Wieder Waldbrnde in Kalifornien.
Weil aber so viele Menschen an der Lotterie teilnehmen, kommt sehr viel Geld zusammen.
Erstmals seit etwa 50 Jahren gab es weniger als 100 Millionen Nchtigungen.
Vor 3 Monaten wurde im Tiergarten Schnbrunn in Wien ein Eisbren-Junges geboren.
Lore Krainer bekam auch viele Auszeichnungen.
Das Gemlde "Salvator Mundi" ist das teuerste Gemlde der Welt.
Sie schlgt EU-Gesetze vor.
Man sagt dazu Gehalt oder Lohn.
In Zukunft mssen Kurzarbeiter nicht nur 10 Prozent sondern mindestens 30 Prozent der vollen Arbeitszeit arbeiten.
Viele sagen, dass die FP auch deswegen bei der Nationalrats-Wahl verloren hat.
Derzeit liegt Thiem auf Platz 3 der Rangliste der besten Tennis-Spieler der Welt.
Sie werden in der Stadt Innsbruck im Spital behandelt.
Bisher starben in sterreich insgesamt 8.669 Menschen mit einer Corona-Infektion.
"Br" steht fr Britannien und "exit" ist das englische Wort fr "Austritt".
Seit Mittwoch gelten strengere Gesetze fr Einreise nach sterreich.
Frauen stark von Arbeitslosigkeit in Corona-Krise betroffen.
An manchen Schulen startet die Vorbereitung fr den Abschluss erst spter.
Die sterreicher bekommen im Durchschnitt 76,5 Prozent von ihrem letzten Lohn oder Gehalt als Pension.
Insgesamt wurden rund 111 Texte fr den Ohrenschmaus geschrieben.
Diese Menschen sollen zum Beispiel Morde, Erpressungen und Geldwsche durchgefhrt haben.
Wegen der Corona-Krise ist aber heuer nicht nur an einem Tag Weltspartag.
Die Polizei stellte die Sachen sicher.
Die UNO bittet sterreich deshalb um mehr Geld, damit den Flchtlingen besser geholfen werden kann.
Die sterreichischen Krankenhuser mssen durch den Corona-Virus viel mehr Patienten behandeln.
Am Sonntag hatten schon die Grnen entschieden, dass sie mit der VP ber eine Regierungs-Bildung verhandeln wollen.
Der Niedersterreicher gewann das Finale der US Open.
Das Wort Tafel ist auch ein alter Ausdruck fr einen Tisch, an dem man isst.
Am Montag traf sie Bundesprsident Alexander Van der Bellen zu einem Gesprch.
Das EU-Parlament fordert nun von der EU-Kommission und allen EU-Lndern konkrete Manahmen gegen den Klima-Wandel.
Heftiger Wind und sehr starker Regen richteten groe Schden an.
Das hatte die Gewerkschaft abgelehnt.
Die Parteien SP, FP, NEOS und JETZT haben alle fr das Verbot gestimmt.
Deshalb muss die FP jetzt 372.000 Euro Strafe bezahlen.
Um Trump aber wirklich abzusetzen, mssen beide Teile des Kongresses zustimmen.
Erklrung: Anti-Semitismus.
Mehr als 70.000 Menschen in Japan sind ber 100 Jahre alt.
Sexueller Missbrauch von Kindern ist besonders schlimm, denn meistens knnen sie sich nicht dagegen wehren.
Das Geld wird vor allem verwendet, um Steuern zu senken.
Integration bedeutet, also dass jemand dazugehrt.
Mars-Rover schickt Ton-Aufnahme von Fahrt auf dem Mars.
Derzeit sind in sterreich 432.000 Menschen ohne Job.
Kein Rckgang bei Keller-Einbrchen whrend Corona-Krise.
Wenn es notwendig wird, knnte es auch sterreichweit eine Masken-Pflicht geben, sagte Anschober.
Das passiert, wenn man eine schwere oder ansteckende Krankheit hat oder wenn vermutet wird, dass man sie hat.
Ein Jugendlicher hat in den USA mehr als einen Tag allein in Schnee und Klte berlebt.
Wien/Budapest Heinz-Christian Strache ist Vize-Kanzler von sterreich und Chef der Partei FP.
Die Regierung leiht die Computer den Schlern gratis bis zum Ende vom Schuljahr.
Andere Organisationen wie die Caritas bekamen schlechte Ergebnisse.
US-Prsident Donald Trump hat schon jetzt den Wahlkampf dafr begonnen.
Auch Bundesprsident Alexander Van der Bellen kritisierte die Abschiebung.
sterreicher haben in Corona-Krise mehr gespart.
In China wird die Wirtschaft heuer insgesamt sogar um 1,8 Prozent wachsen.
Der Regenwald in Brasilien wird immer weiter abgeholzt.
In Mexiko sind mindestens 31 Menschen gestorben, weil sie selbst gemachten Schnaps getrunken haben.
4.000 verletzte Fugnger pro Jahr in sterreich.
Am Montag wird bestimmt, welche Mannschaften gegeneinander im Sechzehntel-Finale spielen werden.
Das Parlament von Grobritannien hat am Freitag fr den Brexit gestimmt.
Das haben auch rund 266.000 Menschen in sterreich getan.
Das 2:0 schoss Liverpool kurz vor Spielende.
Durch den extrem starken Regen wurden Straen und Huser berschwemmt.
Die erste gleich-geschlechtliche Ehe drfte damit sptestens am Valentinstag im Februar geschlossen werden.
In welche Richtung der Hurrikan weiterzieht, wei man noch nicht.
Der EU-Rat wird auch Europischer Rat genannt.
Deshalb beschlossen Lnder wie die USA, Frankreich, Grobritannien und Deutschland Sanktionen gegen den Iran.
Nachdem diese Regierung in der vergangenen Woche aufgelst wurde, ist die VP jetzt doch fr ein komplettes Rauchverbot in allen Lokalen.
Mehr als 18.000 Menschen sind insgesamt daran gestorben.
Das Fracht-Schiff hatte vor ber einem Jahr mitten im Atlantischen Ozean technische Probleme und konnte nicht mehr weiterfahren.
Laut Tiergartendirektor Stephan Hering-Hagenbeck lsst sich Millaa Millaa gerne von ihrer Mutter am Rcken herumtragen.
Bei der EU ist es das Geld, das alle EU-Lnder gemeinsam fr die EU ausgeben.
Der Weltspartag wird wegen der Corona-Krise verlngert.
Damit diese Schler diese Hilfe bekommen, gibt es ab Montag den Extra-Frderunterricht.
Am Donnerstag ist er nach Wien gebracht worden.
US-Dichterin Louise Glck bekommt den Literatur-Nobelpreis 2020.
In der Qualifikation fr die EM hat am Sonntag die sterreichische Nationalmannschaft gegen Slowenien gespielt.
Daher fordert die Arbeiterkammer eine Soforthilfe von 200 Euro pro Schulkind zur Familienbeihilfe.
Die strksten Winde waren auf Bergspitzen 180 Stunden-Kilometer schnell.
Taiwan ist das erste asiatische Land, in dem das erlaubt ist.
In sterreich sind die Pensionen hher als in vielen anderen Lndern.
Das ist schlecht, weil dadurch mehr Menschen sterben knnen.
In den USA befrchtet man, dass mindestens 100.000 Menschen durch den Corona-Virus sterben.
Es knnte aber sein, dass die Feuer mit Absicht gelegt worden waren.
In ihrer Heimat Afrika werden junge Geparden oft Beute von Lwen, Hynen oder Leoparden.
Dafr brachte der Mann die Daten zu einer Firma, die Daten vernichtet.
In sterreich werden viele Lebensmittel auf den Mll geworfen.
Mit Cyber-Verbrechen meint man Verbrechen, bei denen Daten oder Computersysteme im Internet angegriffen oder gestohlen werden.
Der Vertrag wurde aber von allen Atommchten abgelehnt.
Die franzsische Hauptstadt Paris will ab 2021 nur noch Tempo 30 in der Stadt erlauben.
Fr dieses Amt wurde sie eigentlich bis Ende 2021 gewhlt.
Razzia gegen Islamisten in sterreich.
53 Menschen wurden verletzt.
Bisher waren aber nur 4 Prozent der Infizierten Heimbewohner.
Auerdem verdienen die Fleischereien weniger als andere Geschfte.
Die Oscars sind die wichtigsten und bekanntesten Film-Preise der Welt.
Die meisten Strafen gab es, weil jemand seine Zigarette einfach auf die Strae geworfen hat.
Grund dafr sind die hohen Corona-Infektionszahlen.
Das Gutachten wurde noch von der ehemaligen Sozialministerin Beate Hartinger-Klein in Auftrag gegeben.
ber 2 Millionen Menschen bei Corona-Massentests in sterreich.
Nur im Burgenland sanken die Mieten.
Die AGES beschftigt viele Gesundheits-Experten.
Dafr mssen sich Journalisten an bestimmte Regeln halten.
Viele Musiker haben ihre eigenen Konzerte schon auf den Herbst verschoben.
Ex-FP-Chef Strache kandidiert fr die DA.
Am Sonntag wurden 248 Neu-Erkrankungen in Sdkorea gemeldet.
Auf Deutsch heit das: "Die Toten sterben nicht."
US-Prsident Trump hatte letzte Woche gesagt, er will die Insel Grnland kaufen.
In den vergangenen 24 Stunden hat es in sterreich 1.943 Neu-Infektionen mit dem Corona-Virus gegeben.
Thunberg bekommt diesen Preis, weil durch sie Forderungen fr mehr Klima-Schutz ernster genommen werden.
Die beiden tragen das Baby gerne auf dem Rcken.
Neue Corona-Virus-Infektionen in sterreich.
Stattdessen entschied sich Mattarella dafr, eine neue Regierung mit Politikern der Opposition aufzubauen.
Viele Teilnehmer bei Demonstration fr Homosexuelle in Wien.
In der Europa League spielen andere gute Mannschaften aus Europa.
Beim Lotto in sterreich hat mehrere Runden lang niemand die richtigen 6 Zahlen getippt.
Das hufigste Modell in Schulen ist nun, dass die eine Hlfte der Schul-Klasse von Montag bis Mittwoch zur Schule geht und die andere Hlfte geht am Donnerstag und Freitag.
Der 27 Jahre alte Auto-Fahrer war sehr stark alkoholisiert.
Diese Woche wurden 3 auslndische Schlerinnen in die Lnder Georgien und Armenien abgeschoben.
Dann verdienen die Firmen mehr Geld und es gibt fr die Menschen mehr Arbeitspltze.
Die Regierung besteht aus den Parteien 5 Sterne und der sozialdemokratischen Partei PD.
Sie hat also nichts mit dem Terror-Anschlag in Wien zu tun.
Im Iran starben sogar schon 124 Menschen durch den Corona-Virus.
2017 wurde das Gemlde in New York fr umgerechnet rund 370 Millionen Euro versteigert.
Der Grund dafr ist, dass sich nicht noch mehr Menschen mit dem Corona-Virus anstecken sollen.
Das htte wohl nicht einmal fr einen Spielzeug-Lamborghini gereicht.
Naturhistorisches Museum Wien zeigt groen Mond-Meteorit.
Fr sie werden extra Rampen gebaut.
Der Verfassungs-Gerichtshof (kurz VfGH) ist eines der wichtigsten Gerichte in sterreich.
Es ist damit die erste Corona-Infektion in Sdamerika.
Es wurde auch viel Holz an das Ufer des Bodensees angeschwemmt.
Das sterreichische Wort des Jahres wird am Donnerstag bekanntgegeben.
In den letzten Jahren gab es bei Kindern sogar Todesflle durch die Grippe.
Alle Parteien im Parlament versprachen, die neue Regierung zu untersttzen.
Zehnter Jahrestag der Katastrophe von Fukushima.
Der US-Prsident mischte sich nmlich in die englische Politik ein.
Bisher sind mindestens 14 Menschen durch die Feuer gestorben.
Vor allem Wohnen und Lebensmittel wurden wesentlich teurer.
In Wien sind 3 Abgeordnete des Gemeinderats aus der FP ausgetreten und haben eine eigene Partei gegrndet.
Der britische Prinz Harry, seine Frau Meghan und ihr Sohn gehren zur britischen Knigsfamilie.
2 Ski-Tourengeher starben in Tirol durch eine Lawine.
Im Durchschnitt verlieren Pendler 29 Minuten am Tag durch Staus.
Dadurch gelang dem WAC zum ersten Mal der Aufstieg ins Sechzehntel-Finale der Europa League.
Das hat der Wiener Brgermeister Michael Ludwig angekndigt.
Die Corona-Krise hat der Industrie in der Eurozone stark geschadet.
Die Grnen erreichten 6,72 Prozent.
Das Fischstbchen ist 60 Jahre alt.
Es gab aber eine Reihe von Computer-Pannen.
Fr Frauen ist es durch Corona am Arbeitsmarkt schwerer geworden.
Im November kamen fast berhaupt keine Gste.
In ihrem Schdel hatten sie 60-100 spitze Zhne.
In sterreich gab es vergangenes Jahr 3 Wolfs-Rudel.
Grund dafr ist, dass Politiker sich in sterreich bei Medien einmischen.
Alle Rennen der Formel 1 zhlen zur Weltmeisterschaft.
Nun sind die beiden wieder gesund und wurden aus dem Spital entlassen.
Am Freitag lehnte er eine Zusammenarbeit mit Rechts-Populisten in der EU ab.
Rund 38.000 Menschen mussten in Notlagern untergebracht werden.
Fast alle sterreicher beherrschen einen Dialekt.
Die Eltern mssen also arbeiten, wenn sie Ruhe haben.
Dieses Bild aus Zauber-Wrfeln ist nun in Paris fr 480.000 Euro versteigert worden.
Mnner waren in den meisten EU-Staaten strker betroffen als Frauen.
Von 3,6 Millionen normal Beschftigten gingen im Frhjahr 2020 28 Prozent in Kurzarbeit, aber nur 5 Prozent wurden arbeitslos.
Es wird keine groen Konzerte geben.
Menschen knnen Corona-Virus auf Hunde und Katzen bertragen.
Ludwig begann Sondierung-Gesprche mit den NEOS.
Mindestens 48 Menschen starben dabei.
Wien - In den 3 Lndern sterreich, Norwegen und Schweden findet gerade die Europa-Meisterschaft im Handball statt.
Die britische Premierministerin Theresa May hat versucht, das britische Parlament von dem mit der EU ausverhandelten Brexit-Vertrag zu berzeugen.
Wegen der Corona-Krise gelten in sterreich seit Mitte Mrz Ausgangs-Beschrnkungen.
Im Haus des Meeres in Wien leben Springtamarine.
Insgesamt spielte sie 70 Jahre am Theater.
Auf einem Schiff vor der Kste im Westen der USA ist ein Feuer ausgebrochen.
Schon bei einem Crash mit 30 km/h kann man sich nicht mehr absttzen, erklrt der AMTC.
Der sterreichische Tennis-Spieler Dominic Thiem hat am Sonntagabend in London gegen den Schweizer Tennis-Spieler Roger Federer 7:5,7:5 gewonnen.
Am Donnerstag sagte er aber, dass er gegen Fremdenhass ist.
Erklrung: Nordkorea und Sdkorea.
Die Umweltschutz-Organisation Greenpeace hat in sterreichischen Supermrkten berprft, ob diese viele Produkte aus sterreich haben.
Nun hat der Verfassungs-Gerichtshof entschieden, die Klage gar nicht anzunehmen.
Wiener Firma entwickelt Fertig-Gerichte aus Insekten.
Beim Alm-Auftrieb und Alm-Abtrieb sind die Tiere festlich geschmckt und haben Glocken um den Hals.
Wer ohne Freisprech-Einrichtung telefoniert, muss 50 Euro Strafe zahlen.
Da aber nicht jedes Land gleich viele Corona-Tests durchfhrt, kann man auch nicht sagen, ob wirklich alle am Corona-Virus erkrankten Menschen gezhlt werden konnten.
Man darf nur aus wichtigen Grnden vom Osten in andere Bundeslnder reisen.
Noch unfreundlicher als Wien sind nur Paris und Kuwait-Stadt im Land Kuwait in Asien.
Bis zu 600.000 Haushalte waren ohne Strom.
Wien gehrt zu den 5 Stdten mit der hchsten Lebens-Qualitt der Welt.
Das passiert, wenn man eine schwere und ansteckende Krankheit hat oder wenn vermutet wird, dass man sie hat.
Das hat eine Online-Umfrage von 6.000 Menschen in sterreich, Deutschland, Italien, Belgien und den Niederlanden ergeben.
Sie werden von Menschen gejagt und ihr Lebensraum wird zerstrt.
Im Tiergarten Schnbrunn in Wien hat es Nachwuchs bei den Erdmnnchen gegeben.
Regierung verlngerte Ausgangs-Beschrnkungen um 3 Wochen.
Britischer Regierungs-Chef Johnson nicht mehr im Krankenhaus.
Die Zahl der Infizierten stieg in den USA auf fast 400.000 Menschen.
Nach der Impfung bildet der Kper der Mutter Antikrper gegen den Corona-Virus.
Salzburg gewann mit 3:1.
sterreich hat derzeit Reisewarnungen fr 37 Lnder verhngt.
Sie bleiben dann zu Hause oder werden in der Schule betreut.
Sputnik V ist in der EU noch nicht zugelassen.
Doch viele wollen nicht, dass die Wirtschaft genau so wie vor der Corona-Krise funktioniert.
Die 400 Millionen 500-Euro-Scheine haben einen Gesamtwert von 200 Milliarden Euro.
Deshalb fuhren auch die meisten Zge und U-Bahnen nicht.
Damit will die UNESCO zeigen, dass man diese Dinge unbedingt erhalten und pflegen soll.
Im Sdatlantischen Meer ist ein riesiger Eisberg auf Kollisions-Kurs mit der Insel Sdgeorgien.
Im sd-amerikanischen Land Brasilien wird die Corona-Krise immer rger.
Laut der Zentralanstalt fr Meteorologie und Geodynamik (ZAMG) war es das strkste Erdbeben der letzten 20 Jahre in der Umgebung.
Heuer waren Ende Jnner auch rund 470.000 Personen in Kurzarbeit.
Der Attentter von Halle hat seine Tat gestanden.
Die Manahme gilt vorerst fr 10 Tage.
Burschenschaften sind Gruppen von Studenten, die sich auch mit politischen Themen beschftigen.
Paenda schied im Halbfinale aber leider aus.
Die Schulnachrichten ber die Leistungen der Schler bekommen die meisten Schler diesmal an den ersten 2 Tagen im neuen Semester nach den Ferien.
Er hat wissenschaftliche Instrumente, Kameras und sogar einen kleinen Hubschrauber an Bord.
Darauf fhrte China Zlle auf Waren aus den USA ein und kaufte weniger Lebensmittel in den USA.
Das waren nur um 9 weniger als am Mittwoch.
Risikopatienten sind Menschen, die schon andere Erkrankungen haben und deshalb anflliger fr Corona sind.
Die Zahl der Urlauber in den Hotels, Pensionen und Ferien-Wohnungen brach um knapp 46 Prozent ein.
FP und NEOS sind gegen die Impf-Pflicht, ebenso einige SP-Politiker.
Gleich-geschlechtliche Ehe und Abtreibung in Nord-Irland erlaubt.
Wenn rzte eine Abtreibung durchfhren, knnen sie fr 10 bis 99 Jahre ins Gefngnis kommen.
Vor einer Woche waren es nur 454.171, also rund 2.000 weniger.
Im Rest von sterreich stand die Ampel auf Grn.
Am wenigsten fuhren die Menschen in Griechenland mit der Bahn.
Schon mehr als 7.000 Corona-Tote in sterreich.
Sie werden gerne in der Landwirtschaft verwendet, um die Pflanzen vor Schdlingen zu schtzen.
Der Film "Joy" gewann gleich in 4 Kategorien einen Preis.
Dabei hat er einen Zug bersehen.
271 Millionen Menschen haben im Jahr 2017 Drogen genommen.
Das am meisten verkaufte Elektro-Auto war der Renault Zoe.
Fast 3.500 Corona-Tote in Altersheimen und Pflegeheimen.
Das wre aber fr die Wirtschaft nicht gut.
Die Behinderten-Organisationen fordern nun, dass Menschen mit Behinderung in sterreich mehr gefrdert werden sollen.
Fixkosten sind Kosten, die immer anfallen.
Laut der Regel muss man auf der Strae mindestens 1 Meter Abstand zu fremden Menschen halten.
In Graz wurde das Film-Festival Diagonale abgesagt.
Darauf haben sich die Regierungs-Chefs der anderen EU-Lnder geeinigt.
Seit der Lockerung des Lockdowns am Montag haben sehr viele Menschen in sterreich eine Corona-Test-Station besucht und sich testen lassen.
Die meisten Infizierten kommen mit mehr als 420.000 aus den USA.
Fr Friseure gilt das nicht.
In der Zentrale der Pariser Polizei erstach ein Mann 4 Menschen.
Er erlaubte aber anderen Comic-Zeichnern, weitere Asterix-Abenteuer zu zeichnen.
Das hat Bundeskanzler Sebastian Kurz angekndigt.
Auf der ganzen Welt hat diese Idee fr Verwirrung gesorgt.
Nur 24 Prozent sind zuversichtlich fr die nchsten 12 Monate.
Das hat Gesundheits-Minister Rudolf Anschober besttigt.
In der Steiermark musste die Feuerwehr Keller auspumpen und umgestrzte Bume wegrumen.
Auch in Niedersterreich hielten sich die Menschen an die neuen Regeln.
Leider kann man Finja nicht besuchen, denn wegen der Corona-Krise wurde der Tiergarten geschlossen.
Ein Junges starb noch bei der Geburt.
Auch Menschen, die Waren fr Geschfte anliefern, drfen mit dem Auto in den ersten Bezirk fahren.
Man kann aus der Birnen-Melone zum Beispiel Marmelade oder Kompott machen.
Deshalb gibt es nun Ausreise-Beschrnkungen.
Das letzte Mal gewann Kansas City vor 50 Jahren den Super Bowl.
Mehr als 1.500 Corona-Neuinfektionen in sterreich.
Dort wollte er sich mit dnischen Politikern treffen und Gesprche fhren.
Nach dieser Rede strmten viele Anhnger von Trump das Kapitol.
Ein Musical ist ein Theaterstck mit Musik und Tanz.
In vielen Lndern gibt es wegen der Corona-Krise strenge Regeln.
In einer Klasse drfen hchstens 18 Schler gleichzeitig unterrichtet werden.
Grund fr den 5-fachen Mord soll die Beendigung der Beziehung durch die Ex-Freundin gewesen sein.
Im Sden des Bundeslandes Burgenland hat es am Dienstag starke Unwetter gegeben.
Derzeit hat die AUA 80 Flugzeuge, in einigen Jahren sollen es nur noch 58 sein.
Aber wegen der Corona-Krise ist der Flugverkehr heuer seit Mrz um 90 Prozent zurckgegangen.
Der verhaftete Feuerwehrmann legte die Brnde, um sie dann selbst lschen zu knnen.
Mindestens 13 Tote bei Autounfall in Kalifornien.
Sicherheitskrfte oder Ermittler finden immer wieder grere Drogen-Lieferungen.
Auch die Universitten werden geschlossen.
Popstar Cher gab Konzert in Wien.
Die Lohn-Steuer wird automatisch vom Lohn abgezogen.
Bei vielen dieser Kinder werden die Schul-Leistungen schlechter werden, frchten die Lehrer.
Rund 370 Schiffe warteten darauf, wieder durch den Kanal fahren zu knnen.
Die 42-jhrige Fahrerin wollte das Auto am Parkplatz abstellen.
Die Matura findet heuer nur schriftlich statt.
Ihnen drohen 10 bis 20 Jahre Haft.
Ausreise-Beschrnkungen im Krntner Bezirk Hermagor.
Prinz Philip von Grobritannien ist tot.
Die USA sagen, dass der Iran auch amerikanische Brger im Land Irak bedroht.
Am Mittwoch ist Prinz Philip von Grobritannien 99 Jahre alt geworden.
Fast 500 Tote in China durch Corona-Virus.
Besonders junge Menschen trennen nun ihren Mll hufiger.
Gebraucht-Wagen sind in sterreich im Jahr 2019 um 8,1 Prozent teurer geworden.
Die Summe, die brig bleibt, ist das Netto-Gehalt oder der Netto-Lohn.
Im Wiener Haus des Meeres sind Grne Mambas geschlpft.
Er ist seitdem Chef der regierenden konservativen Partei und auch Premierminister.
Meistens musste die Feuerwehr umgestrzte Bume entfernen, die Straen blockierten.
Rund 500 Corona-Patienten mssen zurzeit im Krankenhaus behandelt werden.
Treppe aus dem Film "Joker" ist bei Touristen sehr beliebt.
Dadurch kann es auch fters zum Streit kommen.
Neben den Schnell-Tests wird nun auch ein Test-Bus getestet.
Spter nderte Fleming aber den Geburtsort von seiner Figur James Bond in den Geburtsort von Sean Connery in Schottland.
Neuer Gesundheitsminister Wolfgang Mckstein angelobt.
Der Krntner Matthias Mayer hat am Mittwoch die Ski-Abfahrt in Bormio in Italien gewonnen.
Deshalb wollen sterreich und Slowenien jetzt, dass die Pferde bei der UNESCO zum Welt-Kulturerbe werden.
Wenn die Gste ins Lokal kommen, mssen sie Schutz-Masken tragen.
Auch der sterreichische Bundesprsident Alexander Van der Bellen war dabei, ebenso wie Prinz Charles aus Grobritannien.
Beide Klubs kommen aus Tschechien.
Die Schwarz-Arbeit wird auch oft Pfusch genannt und ist verboten.
Springtamarine gehren zu der Gattung der Affen.
Denn die meisten deutschen Touristen reisen jetzt ab oder stornieren ihre bestellten Hotelzimmer.
Biden wird gegen den jetzigen Amtsinhaber US-Prsident Donald Trump von den Republikanern antreten.
2019 haben Emma und Maximilian die Rangliste der beliebtesten Babynamen in sterreich angefhrt.
Die starke Zunahme in Obersterreich hngt mit einer Religions-Gemeinschaft in Linz zusammen, in der sich zahlreiche Grofamilien befinden.
Es sei zu gefhrlich.
Die erste Sommerschule ist am Montag in Wien, Niedersterreich und dem Burgenland gestartet.
Streaming-Filme drfen bei Oscars nominiert werden.
Der Rover Perseverance soll am Donnerstag am Mars landen.
Pro Jahr backen die Menschen in sterreich 26 Millionen Torten und 62 Millionen Kuchen.
sterreichs bester Tennis-Spieler Dominic Thiem hat am Dienstagabend nach 5 Stunden im Viertelfinale der French Open in Paris knapp verloren.
Kmpfe trotz vereinbarter Waffenruhe in Nordsyrien.
Deshalb will die AUA bis 2023 mehr als 650 Vollzeit-Arbeitspltze abbauen.
sterreicher verzichten fr Traumauto auf Schokolade und Urlaub.
Am Freitag und Samstag wird es einige Grad khler werden.
Das riesige Schiff hatte dadurch den kompletten Schiffsverkehr im Suezkanal blockiert.
Doch nun hat die Europische Arzneimittelbehrde EMA empfohlen, den Impfstoff von AstraZeneca weiter zu verwenden.
Joe Biden ist der neue Prsident der USA.
Sie braucht eine andere Partei als Partner.
Auerdem werden sie keine offiziellen Aufgaben mehr fr die Queen bernehmen.
Im Viertelfinale besiegte Brasilien die Mannschaft von Paraguay.
Das sagen Schweizer Wissenschafter.
Derzeit haben 443.465 Menschen keine Arbeit.
In kleineren Orten gehen nur 58 Prozent der Befragten oft zu Fu.
In dieser Ausgabe werden die wichtigsten Fragen zum Corona-Virus und seinen Folgen leicht verstndlich und bersichtlich beantwortet.
Es gibt aber eine Mglichkeit, den Firmen und ihren Mitarbeitern zu helfen.
Eine seiner Tchter wurde bereits mit diesem Impfstoff geimpft.
Der Fuball-Spieler Erling Haaland aus Norwegen hat die Auszeichnung "sterreichs Fuballer des Jahres 2019" erhalten.
In Sankt Plten starb ein Mann bei einem Feuer in seiner Wohnung.
Jedes Jahr kommen viele Touristen nach Italien, um sich den Karneval anzusehen.
Hartberg verlor mit 2:3.
Bei dem Unfall prallten ein Gelndewagen und ein Lastwagen auf einer Kreuzung zusammen.
Ein Konflikt-Gebiet ist ein Gebiet oder Land, in dem aus unterschiedlichen Grnden gekmpft wird.
In einem Wettkampf ist es unfair, solche Stoffe zu nehmen.
Insgesamt besteht die neue Regierung aus 17 Mitgliedern, 9 davon sind Frauen.
Im Monat Mrz hat es in sterreich mehr Flle von huslicher Gewalt gegeben als im Februar.
Im Sden der USA haben viele Tornados mindestens 32 Menschen gettet.
Aber dafr wollen sie selbststndig Geld verdienen.
Mit dem Gurgel-Test sollen alle 3 bis 4 Wochen im Osten von sterreich 15.000 Schler und 1.200 Lehrer berprft werden.
Die Opposition gewann die Wahl in Istanbul.
Die Zahl der in sterreich lebenden Auslnder erhhte sich im Jahr 2019 um 3,3 Prozent.
Der Grund dafr ist, dass das Wirtschafts-Wachstum schwcher wird.
Er gewann 2 Mal Gold bei den Olympischen Spielen.
So will man die Mitarbeiter schtzen, die anflliger fr den Corona-Virus sind.
Wiener Christkindlmrkte finden wahrscheinlich statt.
Die Quarantne-Regel gilt nicht nur fr Urlauber, sondern auch fr britische Brger.
Das Buch kostet 21,95 Euro und man kann es unter der Internet-Adresse www.zoovienna.at/shop bestellen.
Am Mittwoch hat es um 8.30 Uhr in der Gegend von Admont in der Steiermark ein Erdbeben gegeben.
Der Staat sterreich macht 18 Wahl-Leiter fr einige dieser Fehler verantwortlich.
Im Jahr 2022 ist eine Steuerreform geplant.
Es sorgte fr groe Aufregung.
Bisher 19 Tote durch Gletscherbruch in Indien.
Weil zum Beispiel Konzerte aus Sicherheitsgrnden verboten wurden, verdienen die Knstler kein Geld.
Erklrung: Australian Open.
In den Bundesstaaten Bihar und Uttar Pradesh wurden einfache Huser zerstrt.
Heuer wurde dafr ein Kran verwendet, um die Aufbauarbeiten des Wiener Eistraums nicht zu beschdigen.
Es gibt Kollektiv-Vertrge fr viele verschiedene Berufe und ihre Mitarbeiter.
Es kann aber auch sein, dass das Meerwasser in die Flaschen gekommen ist.
Jetzt wird die ursprngliche Frist auf Ende Mrz ausgedehnt.
Man darf sich aber auch im Freien zur Erholung aufhalten, zum Beispiel fr Spaziergnge oder zum Joggen.
Die Arbeitslosigkeit in sterreich ist im Mai gesunken.
Er soll den anderen Afghanen gettet haben.
Die Zahl der Toten und Verletzten wird aber wohl noch steigen.
Domingo ist einer der berhmtesten Opern-Snger der Welt.
Auf der ganzen Welt sollen 750 von insgesamt 3.000 Swarovski-Geschften zusperren.
Damit wird das Risiko kleiner, sich mit dem Corona-Virus anzustecken.
Nur mit einer Matura darf man danach auch studieren.
Sie beschlieen dort Gesetze, die nur in dem einzelnen Bundesland gelten.
Medizin-Nobelpreis fr Wissenschafter aus den USA und Grobritannien.
An Donnerstag ist im Brand-Gebiet in Australien ein Lsch-Flugzeug abgestrzt.
Wenn das Parlament nun fr den neuen Brexit-Vertrag stimmt, dann gibt es einen geordneten Brexit.
Fr viele kleine Geschfte war der Start schwer.
Auerdem waren am Montag noch viele Straen und Bahnstrecken gesperrt.
Bereits rund 140 Corona-Flle in sterreich.
USA zahlen kein Geld mehr an Welt-Gesundheits-Organisation WHO.
Um 2 Uhr mssen die Uhrzeiger auf 3 Uhr umgestellt werden.
Laut Statistik Austria werden in den nchsten Jahren 9 Millionen Menschen in sterreich leben.
Im Norden und Osten kann es sogar schneien.
Vor einer wichtigen Wahl stellt jede Partei einen Spitzen-Kandidaten oder eine Spitzen-Kandidatin auf.
Viele Haushalte hatten deshalb keinen Strom.
Ist die Menge der Rckstnde sehr gro, ist das schdlich fr die Menschen.
In diesem Teil des Kongresses haben aber die Republikaner die Mehrheit.
In sterreich kann sich die Bevlkerung freiwillig auf das Corona-Virus testen lassen.
Im sogenannten Play-off trifft der LASK nun auf Sporting Lissabon.
Viele wollen wissen, ob diese Masken schdlich sind und ob es Unterschiede zwischen den chinesischen und den sterreichischen Masken gibt.
Alleine in Hubei haben sich fast 15.000 Menschen neu mit dem Virus angesteckt.
So viel Kokain wurde in den USA noch nie auf einmal gefunden, sagten die Behrden.
Wien - Am Dienstag ist in einer Wohnung in Wien eine tote junge Frau gefunden worden.
Es wird weniger verschiedene Eintritts-Preise geben, damit der Einlass ins Bad schneller geht.
Ein Mann in den Niederlanden soll seine Familie gettet haben.
Ein Tier-Experte besttigte aufgrund der Fotos, dass es sich tatschlich um ein Krokodil handelt.
Nun drfen aber die kleinen Erdmnnchen heraus und ihre Umgebung erforschen.
Die Grenzen in Slowenien werden fr EU-Brger geffnet.
Auch Gas und Fernwrme kosteten mehr.
Seit September wurde bei den stndigen Buschbrnden in New South Wales eine Flche so gro wie das Land Kroatien zerstrt.
Vielleicht mssen Koalas in Teilen von Australien zur bedrohten Art erklrt werden.
Das ist sehr viel Geld und wird die Finanzen von der Republik sterreich stark belasten.
Sportminister Werner Kogler lehnte aber die Vorschlge Hackers ab.
Der Mann, der gettet wurde, hat die Gas-Leitung in seiner Wohnung absichtlich beschdigt.
Auch die 17-jhrige Umwelt-Aktivistin Greta Thunberg aus Schweden hielt eine Rede.
Denn whrend des Brandes befand sich niemand im Lokal.
Das heit, es werden zu viele Haie aus dem Meer gefangen.
Die Corona-Ampel ist aber keine Verpflichtung, sondern nur eine Empfehlung.
Auch Glas finden viele sehr hygienisch.
Auch viele Lokale mssen schlieen.
sterreicher befanden sich wahrscheinlich nicht in dem Flugzeug.
Das Programm wird wahrscheinlich nicht wie geplant stattfinden knnen.
Die Tigerbabys kommen auch aus der Slowakei und sind erst wenige Tage alt.
Weil die Manahmen gegen den Corona-Virus der Wirtschaft in sterreich geschadet haben, gibt es eine Rezession.
Besonders gefragt waren BMW, Mercedes und Skoda.
Um Mll zu vermeiden sollte man Lebensmittel unverpackt einkaufen.
Zum Beispiel essen oder trinken sie nichts, wenn es hell ist.
Sie hatte bereits seit 2 Jahren Brustkrebs und hielt das vor der ffentlichkeit geheim.
Nach seiner Rckkehr ins Weie Haus sagte Trump, die Amerikaner sollten sich nicht vor Corona frchten.
Man darf nur drauen trainieren und muss 2 Meter Abstand einhalten.
Bester sterreicher ist weiterhin Erwin Wurm.
The Weeknd ist ein Knstlername.
Daher haben sich 20 Prozent von ihnen fr eine Autofahrt in die Berge oder zum See als Urlaubsziel entschieden.
Frher wurden viele Wale gejagt.
Im November 2020 wird in den USA wieder der Prsident gewhlt.
Wie schtze ich mich gegen den Corona-Virus?
Den Begriff mutmalich kennt man von Gerichtsprozessen.
Bisher starben 6 Menschen durch die Brnde, und mehr als 1.000 Huser wurden zerstrt.
An diesem Tag ist es blich, dass man seinem Partner oder seiner Partnerin Geschenke macht.
Wenn jemand schwarz arbeitet, bezahlt er keine Sozial-Versicherung und keine Steuern.
Die EU plant eine europaweite Corona-Ampel.
China will jetzt sogar die Zlle auf viele Produkte senken.
Heuer im August hat es in sterreich weniger Arbeitslose gegeben als im August 2018.
Sie befinden sich auf der ganzen Welt verstreut in 84 Lndern.
Am Freitag am Vormittag regnete es dann in Paris und es wurde khler.
Sie mussten Keller auspumpen und Straen von umgestrzten Bumen befreien.
Mayer hat schon frher im Bereich Kunst und Kultur gearbeitet.
Das passiert, wenn man eine schwere und ansteckende Krankheit hat oder wenn vermutet wird, dass man sie hat.
Im Weien Haus wird Trump weiterhin medizinisch behandelt.
Norbert Gstrein bekam den sterreichischen Buchpreis 2019.
Die Arbeitslosigkeit in sterreich ist im April wegen der Corona-Krise weiterhin sehr stark angestiegen.
Die USA sind auch sehr stark vom Corona-Virus betroffen.
Er war bisher Landes-Hauptmann und wird es wohl bleiben.
Die Philippinen bestehen damit aus 7.641 Inseln.
Laut dem Ergebnis der Stichprobe gibt es also mehr Menschen mit dem Corona-Virus, als bisher bekannt ist.
In sterreich wird jedes Jahr tonnenweise Abfall in der ffentlichkeit weggeworfen.
Russischer Politiker Nawalny wurde vergiftet.
Dann ffnen auch die Kinos wieder.
Die "Mona Lisa" ist das berhmteste Gemlde der Welt.
Dadurch werden chinesische Waren in den USA wieder billiger.
Am Dienstag ist Tichanowskaja aus Weirussland ins benachbarte Litauen ausgereist.
Bei den Protesten gegen Rassismus und Polizei-Gewalt in der Stadt Kenosha in den USA sind 2 Menschen erschossen worden.
Er ist auch der Enkel vom letzten Kaiser von sterreich.
Dadurch sind Lawinen und Muren entstanden.
Viele Experten aus anderen Lndern sind ber die schnelle Herstellung des Impfstoffes in Russland besorgt.
Neuer Rekord an Corona-Infizierten in sterreich.
Die Regierung will Steuern fr niedrige Einkommen senken.
Bundesprsident und Bundeskanzler gedachten Corona-Opfern.
Bisher haben mehr als 600 Menschen aus 60 Lndern einen Platz fr den Weltraum-Flug reserviert.
Ein groer Hund hat am Montag in Schrattenbach in Niedersterreich einen 8-Jhrigen Bub ins Gesicht gebissen.
Die Polizei untersucht jetzt, warum das Feuer ausgebrochen ist.
Das liegt zum Beispiel daran, dass viele Geschfte nicht in den Orten sondern weit auerhalb liegen.
Zadic sagte: "Wir lassen es nicht zu, dass jemand unverschuldet vor die Tre gesetzt wird, denn Wohnen ist ein Grundrecht".
Das Lager stand vollstndig in Flammen.
Erfolg fr sterreichische Skifahrer bei Hahnenkamm-Rennen.
Starke Gewitter ber Brand-Gebieten in Australien.
Ein Teil der Buben war damals noch nicht einmal 14 Jahre alt.
Nach Tschechien ist sterreich damit auf Platz zwei in der EU.
Joaquin Phoenix erhielt den Oscar als bester Schauspieler fr seine Rolle im Film "Joker".
Deshalb mussten die Angesteckten und ihre Familien in Quarantne.
Es wurden sofort Barrieren errichtet, um die Umwelt zu schtzen.
Auch gesungen werden darf nur im Freien oder mit Maske.
16 Millionen Menschen drfen diese Regionen vorerst nicht verlassen.
Feuerwehr-Leute in Spanien versuchen riesigen Waldbrand zu lschen.
Die Schler knnten dadurch sogar die Klasse im nchsten Jahr wiederholen oder sogar die Schule verlassen, frchten die Eltern.
Wenn sterreicher aus diesen Lndern heimkommen, brauchen sie einen Test-Bescheid, dass sie kein Corona haben.
80 Prozent der Befragten wollen ihre Wiener Lokale untersttzen.
Auch die gestohlene Milka-Schokolade ist spurlos verschwunden.
Es gilt nicht fr Menschen, die in der EU leben.
Im Jahr 2017 hatte die FP noch 26 Prozent.
Fr den Massentest kann man sich auf der Online-Plattform www.oesterreich-testet.at anmelden.
Es wurde noch nicht entschieden, wann genau die Schulen wieder ffnen werden.
Kanzler Kurz glaubt, dass diese strengeren Manahmen lnger gltig sein werden.
Das sind der Hallstttersee in Obersterreich, der Achensee in Tirol und der Altausseer See in der Steiermark.
Das teilte das Gesundheitsministerium mit.
Dann muss man auch in diesen Geschften eine Schutz-Maske tragen.
Bei einer Schlamm-Lawine rutscht eine riesige Menge Schlamm ab.
Das heit, sie lassen es einfach irgendwo alleine zurck.
Er ist auch der lteste Zoo der Welt und gehrt zum UNESCO Weltkulturerbe.
Auerdem besuchte er mit seinem Bruder Moritz die Riesen-Schildkrte Schurli.
Die Titanenwurz riecht sehr schlecht.
Trotz der Corona-Krise werden heuer die Christkindlmrkte in Wien stattfinden.
Feldkirch - Im Februar 2019 wurde in Dornbirn in Vorarlberg der Leiter des Sozialamts erstochen.
Der Mann hatte dabei nur eine Badehose an.
Die Frau ging laut Wasser-Rettung beim Schwimmen im See unter.
Der Wald im Stadion kann bis Ende Oktober besichtigt werden.
Am Dienstag hat sich die sterreichische Infrastruktur-Ministerin in Isolation begeben.
Bei dem Unfall erlitten die Kinder und Jugendlichen Prellungen und einen Schock.
Die beiden befinden sich in Quarantne.
Wegen der Corona-Krise nutzen viele Menschen die Chance, bereits vor dem eigentlichen Wahltag zu whlen.
Kunst-Aktion bringt einen Wald ins Stadion.
In sterreich sind insgesamt schon 7.199 Menschen am oder mit dem Corona-Virus gestorben.
Deutsche knnen dann diese Maut aber vom ihrem Land wieder zurck verlangen.
Die Bauern in sterreich knnen daher viele Produkte nicht mehr verkaufen und verdienen kein Geld mehr.
Die Arbeiter wurden von einer Schlammlawine begraben.
Mit knapp 8.900 km pro Person fahren die sterreicher aber noch deutlich mehr mit dem Auto.
sterreicher erwarten neues Jahr mit gutem Gefhl.
Am Wochenende wird es in sterreich noch heier werden.
Regierung plant strengere Antiterror-Manahmen.
Bei den Corona-Patienten soll es sich zum grten Teil um britische Staatsbrger handeln.
Am Donnerstag haben sich die Verhandlungs-Teams der Parteien VP und Grne auf ein Programm fr eine gemeinsame Regierung geeinigt.
Mindestens 32 Tote bei Tornados im Sden der USA.
Im November 2018 hat es in Kalifornien in den USA einen riesigen Waldbrand gegeben.
Los Angeles - Die weltberhmte US-Sngerin Taylor Swift hat wieder bei den American Music Awards gewonnen.
Besucher knnen die 4 kleinen Geparde bereits sehen, denn inzwischen hpfen die Jungtiere durch das Stroh oder auf ihrer Mutter herum.
sterreicher sind nicht zufrieden mit den Corona-Manahmen.
Meteorologen sind Menschen, die sich mit dem Wetter beschftigen.
Ein ungewohnter Anblick bietet sich im Moment den Besuchern im Wiener Stephansdom.
Skifahren in sterreich wird teurer.
Ehemaliger Formel-1-Weltmeister Niki Lauda gestorben.
In einem Lokal drfen hchstens 4 Erwachsene mit ihren Kindern an einem Tisch sitzen.
Das hat Arbeitsministerin Christine Aschbacher erklrt.
Viele Menschen stehen tglich vor einer solchen Barriere.
Bundesprsident Van der Bellen trifft Prsident Putin in Russland.
An diesem Tag schenkt man seinen Partnern jedes Jahr Blumen oder andere kleine Geschenke.
Whrend der Corona-Krise haben die sterreicher mehr Nudeln aus Italien gegessen.
Dafr finden jngere Menschen leichter wieder eine Arbeit.
Wenn sie aber aufs Klo gehen, mssen sie die Masken wieder aufsetzen.
Der Bub war gerade auf den Weg in die Schule.
Lawinen knnen sogar Bume umknicken oder Huser zerstren.
Weitere Insassen wurden schwer verletzt.
Bei lteren Menschen ist die Arbeitslosigkeit leicht gestiegen.
Wegen der Corona-Krise haben derzeit in sterreich viele Fachrzte zugesperrt und Hausrzte haben Notfall-Betrieb.
Anhnger des IS haben in Europa schon mehrere Terror-Anschlge verbt.
Sie sagte, er hatte ja nichts mit dem Video zu tun.
Tempo 30 in Paris ab 2021 geplant.
Die Menschen drfen das Haus nur fr bestimmte Zwecke verlassen.
Das erste Nutella-Hotel entsteht in Kalifornien.
Ab Dienstag gibt es wegen dem Corona-Virus neue Einschrnkungen.
ber den Namen durften Elefanten-Fans auf der Internetseite vom Tiergarten Schnbrunn abstimmen.
Barrierefrei bedeutet fr blinde Menschen zum Beispiel, dass ihnen Dinge mit gesprochenen Worten erklrt werden.
Verletzte nach Streit um Schutzmasken in Obersterreich.
Weniger Firmen-Insolvenzen im ersten Vierteljahr von 2021.
Der neue Vizekanzler ist der Finanzminister Hartwig Lger.
Die FP hat einen neuen Generalsekretr.
Jetzt ist er von einem trkischen Gericht freigesprochen worden und darf die Trkei bald verlassen.
Die Preise fr Benzin und Diesel stiegen ebenfalls.
Die VP musste dafr 800.000 Euro Strafe zahlen.
Den Haag - In den Niederlanden gelten seit Samstag eine Ausgangs-Sperre und schrfere Regeln gegen die Corona-Pandemie.
Im Jahr 2016 bewegten sich rund 71 Prozent der Buben und rund 85 Prozent der Mdchen in sterreich nicht genug.
Er wiegt rund 1.000 Kilogramm und ist 3 Meter lang.
Abgestimmt werden kann sowohl per Brief als auch online.
Am besten bei der Pressefreiheit sind Norwegen, Finnland, Schweden und Dnemark.
Viele Bewohner von dem Haus konnten sich noch in letzter Minute retten.
Italiener Sassoli ist neuer Prsident des Europa-Parlaments.
Lehrer stellen fr Schler bungs-Aufgaben zusammen, die die Schler zuhause machen.
Wegen der Corona-Pandemie kommen weniger Gste nach sterreich.
Dabei drfte er fr kurze Zeit unbeaufsichtigt gewesen sein.
In Hopfgarten in Defereggen in Osttirol wurden durch eine Lawine 3 Huser beschdigt.
Zwergseidenaffen-Nachwuchs im Wiener Tiergarten Schnbrunn.
Die USA und Nordkorea haben schon fter miteinander verhandelt.
Zunchst will die AUA 37 Stdte regelmig anfliegen.
Es ist rund 500 Jahre alt und soll von dem berhmten Maler Leonardo da Vinci stammen.
Die sterreichischen Behrden prfen jetzt, ob der Impfstoff wirksam und sicher ist.
In den vergangenen Tagen hat die deutsche Polizei 3 mutmaliche Betreiber von der Internet-Seite "Wall Street Market" festgenommen.
Als Integrations-Ministerin soll Raab sich intensiv mit dem Thema Migration beschftigen.
Die Familien der damals getteten Menschen haben nun gefordert, dass die Verantwortlichen fr das Massaker endlich bestraft werden.
Gesundheits-Minister Rudolf Anschober sagte nun, dass diese Regelung nicht notwendig ist.
Jetzt knnen sie auch eine Begrndung dazuschreiben.
Facebook kann gezwungen werden, Hass-Postings zu lschen.
In diesem Teil des Kongresses haben aber die Republikaner die Mehrheit.
Warum das hier nicht der Fall war, wird noch berprft.
Die EU will verhindern, dass der Streit zwischen den USA und dem Iran noch schlimmer wird.
Damit will man auch die Eltern auf die Unfall-Gefahren fr Kinder aufmerksam machen.
Bisher konnten Schler ihre Lehrer nur mit Sternchen bewerten.
Bei ihrer Reise wird sie von ihrem Vater, einem Filmemacher und 2 Profi-Seglern begleitet.
Vor Japan sank ein Frachter mit 42 Menschen an Bord.
Erklrung: Rechnungshof.
Bei den Mnnern ging die Zahl der Raucher auf 24 Prozent zurck, bei den Frauen auf 18 Prozent.
Der Juni ist zwar noch nicht vorbei, aber in den nchsten Tagen kommt eine Hitzewelle mit 30 Grad und mehr.
Liverpool gewann das Finale mit 2:0.
Das Spiel fand in Wien im Stadion von Rapid statt.
Er ist der erste sterreicher, dem das gelungen ist.
Wegen dem Corona-Virus hat am Mittwoch die Schutzmasken-Pflicht beim Einkaufen begonnen.
Die kommen normalerweise aus anderen Lndern nach sterreich.
Baustellen arbeiten mit strengen Schutz-Manahmen weiter.
Es starben 2 Personen in der Steiermark, 1 Person in Obersterreich und 1 Person in Niedersterreich.
Am Flughafen der Hauptstadt Manila konnten viele Flugzeuge nicht starten oder landen.
Der 4 Jahre alte Nasenbr Fernando kam sofort, um die Leckereien vom Christbaum zu naschen.
In der Nacht auf Montag ist in der Stadt Salzburg eine junge Frau gettet worden.
Besonders oft werden Lebensmittel oder Kleidung verschenkt.
Bisher waren Flachau, das Groarltal und das Gasteinertal unter Quarantne.
Djokovic verlor am Sonntag das Finale der French Open in Paris gegen Rafael Nadal.
Vorige Woche ist es vor der Kste des Iran auf 2 l-Tankern zu Explosionen gekommen.
2019 wurde der Distelfalter als hufigster Schmetterling gezhlt.
Der groe Verlierer bei der Wahl war die FP mit 17,3 Prozent der Stimmen.
Klopp ist Trainer der englischen Fuball-Mannschaft FC Liverpool.
1.000 davon mchten gerne nach Hause.
In den meisten groen Stdten der Welt wird es heier werden.
Die 4 Lnder Deutschland, Frankreich, Italien und Malta haben sich vor kurzem geeinigt.
Freitesten aus der Quarantne kann man sich nicht.
Dabei macht man vor allem Bewegungen mit den Hnden.
In Australien starben 2 Feuerwehr-Leute bei Busch-Brnden.
Er meldete sich bei der Polizei.
Wegen der Corona-Krise sind in Wien seit Mitte Mrz alle Spielpltze geschlossen.
Denn dann werden zum Beispiel Benzin, Diesel und Heizl billiger.
Naya Rivera war mit ihrem 4 Jahre alten Sohn in einem Boot.
Am kommenden Sonntag gibt es noch ein Formel-1-Rennen in Spielberg.
Dagegen ist aber Bundeskanzler Sebastian Kurz von der VP.
Der obersterreichische Ort Hallstatt ist ein beliebtes Ausflugsziel fr Touristen aus dem Ausland.
Die grte Flug-Linie sterreichs heit AUA und gehrt zur deutschen Lufthansa.
Die Schwimmbder bleiben aber noch zu.
Diese Manahmen beginnen im Dezember und laufen bis Ende 2025.
Ein Schnellbahn-Zug stie seitlich mit einem anderen Zug zusammen.
Die neue Ampel schaut genau so aus wie eine alte Ampel.
Viele sterreicher haben in der Freizeit zu wenig Zeit.
In der derzeitigen Corona-Virus-Krise ist die Arbeit fr Angestellte in Supermrkten besonders anstrengend.
Am Beginn eines Schuljahres soll die Klassen-Gemeinschaft zum Beispiel durch gemeinsame Ausflge gestrkt werden.
In der Stadt Rotterdam wurden mindestens 10 Polizisten verletzt.
Der Mann arbeitete damals noch fr das Bundeskanzler-Amt.
Nun hat man festgestellt, dass der Corona-Virus schon seit Dezember in Italien ist.
Seit einiger Zeit wird in sterreich aber berlegt, den Eurofighter abzuschaffen.
Die Polizei in Salzburg hat eine groe Bande von Drogenhndlern zerschlagen und mehrere Verdchtige festgenommen.
Eine U-Bahn fuhr mit offener Waggon-Tre los.
Weltmeister Hamilton gewann Formel-1-Rennen in Spielberg.
57 Tote bei Kmpfen in brasilianischem Gefngnis.
Das wre ein unverzeihlicher Fehler, sagte Van der Bellen am Donnerstag.
2019 vermerkte die Polizei 120.000 Fahrer, die gegen das Handy-Verbot am Steuer verstoen haben.
Ein Bereich soll sich mit der Gefahren-Forschung beschftigen und der andere Bereich mit der Gefahren-Abwehr.
Steyr/Salzburg - Am Dienstag ist es in sterreich wegen starkem Regen zu Verkehrs-Behinderungen gekommen.
Trotzdem sind noch immer sehr, sehr wenige Kinder in den Schulen.
Aber viele Menschen in sterreich haben zuletzt Kontrollen oder Untersuchungen beim Arzt verschoben.
Das entspricht rund 23 Millionen voll beladenen Lkws.
Wenn sie diesen Bescheid nicht haben, mssen sie 14 Tage lang in Quarantne bleiben.
Auch die stdtischen Sport-Pltze ffnen an diesem Tag.
Laut einer neuen wissenschaftlichen Studie macht viel Geld doch glcklich.
Es gilt aber weiterhin, dass man in der ffentlichkeit 1 Meter Abstand zu anderen Menschen halten muss.
Noch ist aber nicht klar, wie das konkret ablaufen soll.
Wegen einer Corona-Infektion liegen derzeit 2.416 Menschen im Krankenhaus.
US-Prsident Trump wird nicht abgesetzt.
Schon am Mittwoch gewann Austria Lustenau gegen Wacker Innsbruck ebenfalls mit 1:0.
China senkt die Zlle auf Schweinefleisch.
Der Arzt hat so getan, als ob die sexuellen Handlungen ein Teil der Untersuchung sind.
USA verhngen Einreise-Verbot fr Brasilien.
Eine der bekanntesten Streaming-Plattformen ist Netflix.
Vor 11.000 Zuschauern begeisterte die 73-jhrige Musikerin vor allem mit einer starken Bhnen-Show.
Fr Skilehrer werden sie sogar kostenlos sein.
Spter fand man das Boot mit dem Buben mitten im See.
In Griechenland gibt es seit mehreren Tagen Waldbrnde.
In Europa haben vor allem Spanien und Italien sehr viele Corona-Opfer.
Die USA und das Land Iran streiten immer rger.
Doch wegen Corona fand die im Fernsehen gezeigte Preisverleihung ohne Publikum statt.
Die Matura fand versptet mit vielen Sonderregeln statt.
Attacken mit Messern sind seit Jahren ein groes Problem in Grobritannien.
Ein Messer-Stecher verletzte in Bregenz 4 Menschen.
Sie hatten sich bei der Behandlung von Patienten mit dem Virus angesteckt.
Der Brexit wurde schon mehrere Male verschoben.
Warum der Mann das alles getan hat, wei man noch nicht.
Die Behrden in Japan forderten die Menschen auf, sehr vorsichtig zu bleiben.
Es sollen dann wieder Lokale, Hotels und alle Geschfte aufsperren drfen.
Insgesamt lagen am Donnerstag 2.197 Menschen wegen einer Corona-Infektion im Krankenhaus.
Dazu kommen noch der Prsident vom EU-Rat und die Prsidentin der EU-Kommission.
Insgesamt werden bei dem Prozess rund 400 Anwlte und mehr als 900 Zeugen sprechen.
Auf diesem Markt wurden auch Wildtiere wie zum Beispiel Fledermuse verkauft.
Deshalb knnen sterreicher in der Trkei und in Bulgarien am gnstigsten Urlaub machen.
Equal Pay Day bedeutet Tag der gleichen Bezahlung.
Tiroler Lehrer soll 48 Schler missbraucht haben.
In Bad Ischl in Obersterreich soll ein Mann mit einem Bogen einen Pfeil auf seine Ex-Freundin geschossen haben.
Bis Montag war Kurz auch sterreichischer Bundeskanzler.
Dann kletterte er wieder zurck ber den Zaun.
Auch aus den Auspuffen von Autos kommt Kohlen-Dioxid.
Mnner drfen jetzt Mnner heiraten und Frauen drfen auch Frauen heiraten.
Der Ramadan ist der jhrliche Fastenmonat.
Die Schler knnen die mndliche Prfung ganz auszulassen oder sie nur in einzelnen Schulfchern abzulegen.
Fr viele 10-Jhrige ist es auch schwer, die Lernziele im Lesen zu erreichen.
Mitte Mrz entlie man ihn nach Hause, wo er nun gestorben ist.
Aber die erste offene Woche war fr die meisten von ihnen schwer.
In einem anderen Krautsalat waren es sogar 8 Stck Wrfelzucker.
Gleichzeitig streikten auch die Staats-Angestellten.
Ist der Test positiv, wird das den Behrden gemeldet.
Was genau passiert ist, wird noch untersucht.
Die VP wurde mit 30,58 Prozent zweitstrkste Partei.
Der bekannte US-Golfspieler Tiger Woods ist bei einem Autounfall in den USA schwer verletzt worden.
Kansas City (Missouri) - Im Februar findet der Super Bowl in Miami in den USA statt.
Das hat die Statistik Austria bekannt gegeben.
In Spanien gibt es in der Region Katalonien einen riesigen Waldbrand.
Das gilt auch fr Mannschafts-Sportarten wie Fuball und Kampf-Sportarten wie Judo oder Karate.
Panurus biarmicus La Panure  moustaches (Panurus biarmicus), anciennement appele msange  moustaches, est une espce de passereaux d'Europe, l'unique reprsentante du genre Panurus et de la famille des Panuridae.
Monsieur Wens, surnom de Wenceslas Vorobetchik, est un personnage de roman policier cr par l'crivain belge Stanislas-Andr Steeman en 1930.
Ils permettent aux enfants de s'amuser en faisant des chteaux de sable avec des seaux, en utilisant des outils comme rteaux et pelles, ou encore en apprenant  manipuler le sable.
Saint-Ignace-de-Loyola est une municipalit du Qubec (Canada), situe dans la MRC de D'Autray, dans la rgion administrative de Lanaudire.
Le hanafisme ou hanfisme (en arabe: , anaf, Hanefi en turc) est la plus ancienne des quatre coles religieuses islamiques sunnites  (madhhab) de droit musulman et de jurisprudence (fiqh).
Le parc national des Cvennes est un parc national franais cr le 2 septembre 1970, couvrant la rgion naturelle des Cvennes et situ principalement dans les dpartements de la Lozre, du Gard et de l'Ardche.
Quand il y a transformation, le lait majoritairement mis en uvre est le lait de vache, mais on utilise galement le lait cru de chvre, de brebis, de chamelle, de yak, de bufflonne...
Age of Empires est une srie de jeux de stratgie en temps rel dvelopps par Ensemble Studios et publis par Microsoft Studios.
Antigone est une pice en un acte de Jean Anouilh reprsente pour la premire fois au thtre de l'Atelier  Paris le 4 fvrier 1944, durant l'Occupation allemande, dans une mise en scne, des dcors et des costumes d'Andr Barsacq.
Dortmund (/dtmnt/ couter; en latin: Tremonia; en bas allemand: Drpm; en ancien franais: Trmoigne) est une ville allemande situe dans le Land de Rhnanie-du-Nord-Westphalie  l'est du bassin de la Ruhr.
Jean de Lry, n en 1536  La Margelle, terre de Saint-Seine (actuellement la Cte-d'Or en France), mort vers 1613  L'Isle (Suisse)  lge de 77 ans, est un grand voyageur et crivain franais, auteur de lHistoire d'un voyage fait en la terre du Brsil.
En 1992, le trait de Maastricht prend la suite de lActe unique et institue une union politique qui prend le nom dUnion europenne et qui prvoit la cration d'une union conomique et montaire dote dune monnaie unique, leuro ().
Tout comme dans la srie de jeux vido, le but est de capturer des Pokmon.
Hala Salam, dite La Salam, est une journaliste et animatrice audiovisuelle libano-franaise, ne le 27 octobre 1979  Beyrouth (Liban).
D'une superficie de 47784km2, elle est la cinquime plus vaste des treize rgions de France mtropolitaine et rassemble huit dpartements: la Cte-d'Or, le Doubs, la Haute-Sane, le Jura, la Nivre, la Sane-et-Loire, le Territoire de Belfort et l'Yonne.
Le latin (en latin: Lingua Latna ou Latna Lingua) est une langue italique de la famille des langues indo-europennes, parle  l'origine par les Latins dans le Latium de la Rome antique.
Jurassic Park 3 ou Le Parc jurassique III au Qubec (Jurassic Park III) est un film amricain de science-fiction ralis par Joe Johnston, sorti en 2001.
Victor Robert Nataf, dit Victor Lanoux, est un acteur, producteur, scnariste et auteur de thtre franais, n le 18 juin 1936   Paris14e et mort le 4 mai 2017  Royan, commune de Vaux-sur-Mer.
Le mille marin, mille nautique, ou plus simplement nautique, (symbole MN ou NM  d'aprs l'anglais: nautical mile  ou M - sur les cartes marines franaises notamment; parfois abrg en nautique, Nq) est une unit de mesure de longueur utilise en navigation maritime et arienne, gale par convention  1852mtres[a],.
Windows Aero est l'interface graphique et le thme par dfaut dans la plupart des ditions de Windows Vista et Windows 7, des systmes d'exploitation dits par Microsoft.
Le Kin-Ball est un sport collectif cr au Qubec, dvelopp par la compagnie Omnikin, en 1987.
L'Arctique est la rgion entourant le ple Nord de la Terre,  lintrieur et aux abords du cercle polaire arctique.
La gologie est la science dont le principal objet d'tude est la Terre, et plus particulirement la lithosphre.
Un groupe musical, groupe de musique, ou plus simplement, un groupe, est un petit ensemble musical comprenant en gnral moins de dix musiciens, chanteurs ou instrumentistes.
En France, la dixime saison est diffuse du 7 mars 2016 au 28 juillet 2017 sur Nickelodeon France.
Le Yorkshire terrier, plus couramment appel York, est une race de chien de petite taille appartenant au groupe des terriers et originaire du comt anglais du mme nom.
Prg, en hittite Parcha ou Parha) est une cit antique, autrefois capitale de la Pamphylie, aujourd'hui situe en Turquie,  Aksu, 17 km  lest dAntalya.
Roseanne Park (nom coren: Park Chae-young, hangeul: ; RR: Bagchaeyeong), mieux connue sous son nom de scne Ros (hangeul: ), est une chanteuse corano-no-zlandaise ne le 11 fvrier 1997  Auckland en Nouvelle-Zlande.
Nicolas Penneteau est un footballeur franais, n le 28 fvrier 1981  Marseille en France.
Une enchre est une offre dun prix suprieur  la mise  prix, ou au prix quun autre a dj offert, en parlant des choses qui se vendent ou safferment au plus offrant.
La tour de Pise (en italien: torre di Pisa) est le campanile de la cathdrale Notre-Dame de lAssomption de Pise, en Toscane (Italie).
L'Organisation de l'arme secrte, ou Organisation arme secrte, surtout connue par le sigle OAS, est une organisation terroriste clandestine franaise proche de l'extrme droite cre le 11 fvrier 1961 pour la dfense de la prsence franaise en Algrie par tous les moyens, y compris le terrorisme  grande chelle.
En cologie, un cosystme est un ensemble form par une communaut d'tres vivants en interaction (biocnose) avec leur environnement (biotope).
Le dpartement du Jura (/y.a/[Note ) est un dpartement franais nomm d'aprs le massif du Jura, du gaulois juris qui signifie fort de montagne.
Une (toile) hypergante (c'est--dire une toile de classe de luminosit 0) est une toile de masse et de luminosit trs leves, qui possde un indice de perte de masse lev.
Un ogre (du latin orcus, enfer, fm. ogresse) est un personnage de contes et traditions populaires, sorte de gant se nourrissant de chair frache et dvorant les petits enfants.
Rafiq Hariri ou Rafic Hariri (en arabe:  ), n le 1er novembre 1944  Sada et mort assassin le 14 fvrier 2005  Beyrouth, est un homme d'affaires et homme d'tat libanais, prsident du Conseil des ministres  deux reprises.
Chris Rock est un humoriste, acteur, ralisateur et producteur amricain, n le 7 fvrier 1965  Andrews(en) (Caroline du Sud).
Le Mouvement de l'cole moderne est l'ensemble des enseignants qui suivent les impulsions pdagogiques et sociales de Clestin Freinet, de son pouse lise et de leurs continuateurs.
47 Tucanae (47 du Toucan en franais; 47 Tuc en abrg), aussi dsign NGC 104 ou Caldwell 106, est un amas globulaire appartenant  notre galaxie, la Voie lacte, et situ dans la constellation du Toucan.
Phdre est une tragdie en cinq actes et en vers de Jean Racine cre le 1er janvier 1677  Paris sous le titre Phdre et Hippolyte.
Don Juan Don Giovanni, K. 527 (titre complet: Il dissoluto punito ossia il Don Giovanni; titre franais: Don Juan), est un opra en deux actes et en langue italienne du genre dramma giocoso (drame joyeux) de Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, cr  Prague le 29 octobre 1787, sur un livret de Lorenzo da Ponte inspir du mythe de don Juan.
Depuis novembre 2012, il poste des vidos sur sa chane YouTube, oriente vers les jeux vido d'abord, avant de se diversifier et proposer des vlogs, ou encore des vidos humoristiques.
Grenoble (prononc /g.nbl/ couter; en francoprovenal: Grenoblo) est une commune du Sud-Est de la France, situe dans la rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes, chef-lieu du dpartement de l'Isre, ancienne capitale du Dauphin.
Vieux bastion industriel, la ville de Trenton est la capitale de ltat du New Jersey, aux tats-Unis.
Mercedes-Benz (prononc en allemand:/mtsedsbnts/) est une marque allemande d'automobiles (modles premium, de sport et de luxe), de camions, d'autocars et d'autobus indpendante fonde en 1926 par trois constructeurs: Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft, Mercedes et Benz &
Selon le magazine Forbes, elle devient en mars 2019,  21 ans, la plus jeune milliardaire de lhistoire, en excluant les hritiers, mme si ce titre lui est retir quelques mois plus tard.
Claude Ponticelli, dit Claude Ponti, n le 22 novembre 1948  Lunville, en Lorraine, est un auteur de littrature de jeunesse et illustrateur franais.
En mtallurgie, un alliage est un mlange de plusieurs lments chimiques, dont le principal constituant est un mtal, et dont les caractristiques sont celles d'un matriau mtallique[note  .
Un miracle est un fait extraordinaire, dpourvu d'explication scientifique, qui est alors vu comme surnaturel et attribu  une puissance divine.
Le plateau tibtain est un vaste ensemble de plateaux situ en Asie centrale, au nord de l'Himalaya, dont la majeure partie est situe en Rpublique populaire de Chine et quelques parties le sont en Birmanie, au Bhoutan, au Npal et en Inde.
Doctor Who (trad. litt.: Docteur Qui) est une srie tlvise britannique de science-fiction cre par Sydney Newman et Donald Wilson et diffuse depuis le 23 novembre 1963 sur BBC One.
Demain, ds laube,  lheure o blanchit la campagne, ou plus simplement Demain, ds laube, est lun des plus clbres pomes de Victor Hugo, publi en 1856 dans le recueil Les Contemplations.
C'est la seule autoroute franaise situe en dehors de la mtropole.
Un guichet automatique bancaire (GAB) en France, guichet automatique au Qubec, bancomat en Suisse et en Valle d'Aoste, Bancontact (ou MisterCash) en Belgique, gabier  la Runion est un appareil lectronique et lectromcanique permettant d'effectuer des transactions bancaires en libre-service.
Dans un systme informatique, un firmware (ou micrologiciel, microprogramme,, microcode, logiciel interne ou encore logiciel embarqu) est un programme intgr dans un matriel informatique (ordinateur, photocopieur, automate (API, APS), disque dur, routeur, appareil photo numrique, etc.) pour qu'il puisse fonctionner.
La mer Caspienne est une vaste tendue d'eau situe en Asie occidentale, principalement alimente par la Volga, issue de la fermeture dune mer ocanique ancienne, l'ocan ou mer Paratthys.
Joan-Enric Vives i Siclia (n le 24 juillet 1949  Barcelone) est un prlat et homme d'tat espagnol, archevque-vque d'Urgell et ex officio coprince d'Andorre depuis 2003.
Le Kuduro (graphie alternative de cu duro, littralement cul dur en franais) est un genre de musique et un genre de danse originaire de l'Angola.
En grammaire, le participe est un mode du verbe qui lui donne les caractristiques d'un adjectif.
Lonard est une srie tlvise d'animation 3D franaise en 78 pisodes de 8 minutes, adapte de la bande dessine homonyme de Bob de Groot et Turk et diffuse  partir du 25 dcembre 2009 sur Canal J puis rediffuse sur Gulli.
Le futurisme est un mouvement littraire et artistique europen du dbut du XXesicle (de 1910  1920), qui rejette la tradition esthtique et exalte le monde moderne, en particulier la civilisation urbaine, les machines et la vitesse.
Libadisme (arabe:  al-ibiyya) est une tendance de l'islam fonde moins de cinquante ans aprs la mort du prophte Mahomet.
Pieuvre veine, Pieuvre noix de coco Amphioctopus marginatus (syn. et ancien nom Octopus marginatus) est un poulpe vivant dans les eaux tropicales de la partie est du Pacifique.
Entre 1905 et 1909, il a produit onze prototypes dont le fameux Blriot XI avec lequel il est le premier  traverser la Manche en avion le 25 juillet 1909.
Men par les scientifiques britanniques, les socits ptrolires et les Combined Operations avec l'appui du Petroleum Warfare Department, le projet a t dvelopp par AC Hartley, ingnieur-chef de l'AIOC (Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, aujourd'hui connue sous le nom de British Petroleum Company).
Faenza est une ville d'environ 58000 habitants, situe dans la province de Ravenne en milie-Romagne, dans le nord-est de l'Italie.
Lingvaeonique est nomm daprs les Ingaevones, un groupe culturel germanique occidental ou une proto-tribu qui vivait le long de la cte de la mer du Nord.
La Haute-Loire (/ot().lwa/[Note ) est un dpartement franais situ en rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes, dans le sud-est du Massif central.
La ceinture de Kuiper (parfois appele ceinture d'Edgeworth-Kuiper, prononc en nerlandais: /kypr/) est une zone du Systme solaire s'tendant au-del de l'orbite de Neptune, entre 30 et 55 units astronomiques (ua).
Il fait suite au jeu Peggle sorti en 2007.
Bruce Springsteen, n le 23 septembre 1949  Long Branch (New Jersey), est un auteur-compositeur-interprte et guitariste amricain.
Edubuntu est un systme d'exploitation bas sur la distribution GNU/ Linux Ubuntu comprenant un ensemble de logiciels libres ddis  l'ducation.
Le West Highland White terrier, plus couramment appel Westie, est une race de chiens d'origine cossaise connue pour sa personnalit.
Franois Mitterrand [fswa mit][n  couter, n le 26 octobre 1916  Jarnac (Charente) et mort le 8 janvier 1996  Paris, est un homme d'tat franais, prsident de la Rpublique du 21 mai 1981 au 17 mai 1995.
Un htel est un tablissement commercial qui offre un service d'hbergement payant en chambres meubles  une clientle de passage.
Le glacier d'Aletsch est le plus grand glacier des Alpes, situ dans le sud de la Suisse dans le canton du Valais.
Albator (, Hrokku?, Harlock en version originale) est un personnage de fiction cr par Leiji Matsumoto en 1969 dans le manga Dai-kaizoku Harlock.
La fermentation lactique, ou lacto-fermentation, est un mode de fermentation (production  d'nergie anarobie) qui, en prsence de glucides et de bactries spcifiques (les ferments lactiques), induit la formation d'acide lactique.
LGBT, ou LGBTQIA+, sont des sigles utiliss pour qualifier les personnes lesbiennes, gays, bisexuelles, trans, queers, intersexes et asexuelles, c'est--dire pour dsigner des personnes non htrosexuelles, non cisgenres ou non dyadiques.
Luniversit Paris-Nanterre (anciennement Paris-X,) est une universit franaise multidisciplinaire, spcialise dans les sciences conomiques, les sciences humaines et sociales, le droit, les lettres, la psychologie et les sciences politiques.
Isabelle dOrlans  de son nom de naissance, Isabelle Franoise Hlne Marie dOrlans , qui a port successivement les titres de courtoisie par mariage de comtesse Bruno dHarcourt puis de princesse Pierre Murat,  est ne le 27 novembre 1900  Paris (dans le VIIIe arrondissement) et morte le 12 fvrier 1983,  Louveciennes (Yvelines).
Le prix Goncourt est un prix littraire franais rcompensant des auteurs d'expression franaise, cr par le testament d'Edmond de Goncourt en 1892.
Le Portugal fait bonne figure  domicile en parvenant en finale du tournoi, ceci malgr un dpart rat contre la Grce; les Portugais liminent la Russie, l'Espagne, l'Angleterre (aux tirs au but) et les Pays-Bas mais perdent la finale 1-0 contre la grande surprise du tournoi: la Grce qui aura cart coup sur coup la France et la Tchquie avant de battre, encore une fois et cette fois-ci en finale, le Portugal.
Une maladie chronique (du grec ancien: / krnos, temps) dsigne une maladie dont les effets persistent dans le temps, en gnral plus de trois mois.
La Momie (The Mummy) est un film amricano-sino-japonais ralis par Alex Kurtzman, sorti en 2017.
Dominique-Jean Larrey, baron Larrey et de l'Empire, est un mdecin et chirurgien militaire franais, pre de la mdecine d'urgence, n le 8 juillet 1766  Beaudan dans la province de Gascogne de l'Ancien rgime, actuellement dans les Hautes-Pyrnes et mort  Lyon le 25 juillet 1842.
Un cupcake (anglicisme), petit gteau ou gtelet (ou fairy cake, gteau de fe comme il est connu en Angleterre) est un petit gteau d'origine amricaine souvent trs color en portion individuelle, ayant la forme du muffin.
La naturalisation est lacquisition dune nationalit ou dune citoyennet par un individu qui ne la possde pas par sa naissance.
Giovanni Battista Draghi dit Pergolesi en italien, Jean-Baptiste Pergolse sous sa forme francise, n le 4 janvier 1710  Jesi, dans la province dAncne, dans les Marches italiennes alors partie des tats pontificaux et mort le 17 mars 1736  Pouzzoles prs de Naples, est un compositeur italien de la priode baroque, reprsentant important de l'cole napolitaine, principalement dans le domaine de l'opera buffa.
Black Lives Matter (/blk lavz mt/; BLM) qui se traduit par les vies noires comptent ou la vie des Noirs compte est un mouvement politique n en 2013 aux tats-Unis au sein de la communaut afro-amricaine, qui milite contre le racisme systmique envers les Noirs.
Elle a donn son nom  l'historique comt de Hainaut et plus rcemment  la province de Hainaut, une des dix provinces de Belgique.
Naver est galement constamment appel Google de la Core du Sud.
Le trait d'amiti franco-allemand (en allemand: deutsch-franzsischer Freundschaftsvertrag), dit trait de l'lyse (lyse-Vertrag), est un trait bilatral entre la Rpublique fdrale d'Allemagne et la Rpublique franaise sign au palais de l'lyse le 22 janvier 1963 par le chancelier allemand, Konrad Adenauer, et le prsident franais, Charles de Gaulle.
Le jeu d'checs, ou les checs, (prononc: /e.k/) est un jeu de socit (parfois considr comme un sport dans certains pays du monde, dont la France) opposant deux joueurs de part et d'autre d'un tablier appel chiquier compos de soixante-quatre cases, 32 claires et 32 sombres nommes les cases blanches et les cases noires.
Une chemine volcanique est un conduit ruptif cr par l'ascension des magmas d'une chambre magmatique jusqu' la surface d'un cratre volcanique et par lequel sont mis les produits volcaniques (gaz, laves et projections).
Nancy Patricia Pelosi, ne D'Alesandro, est une femme politique amricaine, ne le 26 mars 1940  Baltimore.
Le Livre de Jrmie ( Yirmyh) est un livre du Tanakh et de l'Ancien Testament, crit selon la tradition juive et chrtienne par le prophte Jrmie.
Power Rangers est une franchise de mdias amricaine fonde sur une quipe de super-hros.
Ils taient initialement cinq, avec Sman et Seymour Brussel qui quittent le groupe un peu plus d'un an aprs sa cration.
La Bohme (echy en tchque, Bhmen en allemand) est une rgion historique d'Europe centrale, actuellement l'une des composantes de la Tchquie avec la Moravie et une petite fraction de la Silsie.
Ce royaume disparat lors de la Rvolution franaise en 1792 avant de renatre brivement de 1814  1848.
Stefan Zweig (/t.fan tsvak/), n le 28 novembre 1881  Vienne en Autriche-Hongrie et mort le 22 fvrier   Petrpolis au Brsil, est un crivain, dramaturge, journaliste et biographe autrichien.
Il fut suivi par Windows Millennium (ME) pour le grand public et par Windows 2000 pour les entreprises.
La latitude est utilise en combinaison avec la longitude pour indiquer la position prcise d'un lment sur Terre.
La Bohme (echy en tchque, Bhmen en allemand) est une rgion historique d'Europe centrale, actuellement l'une des composantes de la Tchquie avec la Moravie et une petite fraction de la Silsie.
Rush Wars  est un jeu vido mobile de stratgie en temps rel massivement multijoueurs, dvelopp et dit par le studio finlandais Supercell.
Ignace de Loyola (Ignazio Loiolakoa en basque, igo Lpez de Loyola en espagnol), n en 1491[note   Loiola et mort le 31 juillet 1556  Rome, est un prtre et thologien basque-espagnol.
Certains ayatollahs portent des turbans noirs (surtout dans le monde arabe et persan) ou verts, ce qui indique leur position de sayyid, autrement dit de descendant de Mahomet via sa fille Fatima, pouse d'Ali, le premier Imam dans le chiisme duodcimain.
La fermentation lactique, ou lacto-fermentation, est un mode de fermentation (production  d'nergie anarobie) qui, en prsence de glucides et de bactries spcifiques (les ferments lactiques), induit la formation d'acide lactique.
Les brodeurs sur machine guide main peuvent, eux, broder avec plusieurs fils et pour des ouvrages de plus grande taille.
Taylor Alison Swift [tel lsn swft][Note , ne le 13 dcembre 1989  Reading, en Pennsylvanie, est une auteure-compositrice-interprte et actrice amricaine.
LouisIer dit le Pieux ou le Dbonnaire, n en 778  Cassinogilum (localisation incertaine, soit Casseuil prs de Bordeaux, Chasseneuil-du-Poitou dans la Vienne ou encore Casseneuil en Lot-et-Garonne) et mort le 20 juin 840  Ingelheim, prs de Mayence, est roi d'Aquitaine jusqu'en 814, puis empereur d'Occident de 814  sa mort en 840.
La tristesse est une douleur motionnelle associe, ou caractrise par des sentiments de dsavantages,  une perte, au dsespoir ou au chagrin.
Le Googleplex est le sige social de Google, situ au 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway  Mountain View, en Californie prs de San Jos.
Un barrage est un ouvrage d'art hydraulique construit en travers d'un cours d'eau et destin  en rguler le dbit et/ou  stocker de l'eau, notamment pour le contrle des crues, l'irrigation, l'industrie, l'hydrolectricit, la pisciculture et la retenue d'eau potable.
Franois Duvalier, surnomm Papa Doc, n  Port-au-Prince le 14 avril 1907 et mort dans la mme ville le 21 avril 1971, est un mdecin et homme politique hatien devenu prsident de la Rpublique d'Hati de 1957  1964, et prsident  vie de 1964  sa mort en 1971.
Jusquen 1964, c'est le pont suspendu le plus long du monde et il constitue au XXIesicle le monument le plus clbre de San Francisco.
Windows NT (New technology ou nouvelle technologie) dsigne la srie de systmes d'exploitation multitche premptif, multi-utilisateur, multiprocesseur, crs par Microsoft et ne reposant pas sur le systme historique MS-DOS de Microsoft, contrairement  Windows 1.0, 2, 3.x, 95, 98 et Me.
Le calmar colossal n'est pas un proche parent des calmars gants du genre Architeuthis.
L'glise Notre-Dame d'Estang est situe dans la commune franaise Estang, dans le Gers.
TlTOON+ (anciennement Tltoon, stylis TELETOON, TlTOON puis TlTOON+) est une chane de tlvision franaise, appartenant au Groupe Canal+ (anciennement TPS).
Bobo-Dioulasso est la capitale conomique du Burkina Faso et la deuxime ville en population aprs Ouagadougou.
LAllier (/a.lje/[Note ) est un dpartement franais situ dans la rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes.
La musique est de Bruno Coulais et les paroles de Christophe Barratier, ralisateur et coscnariste du film.
Le Chrysler Building (en franais la tour Chrysler) est un gratte-ciel de la ville de New York, aux tats-Unis.
Chimpanz commun, Chimpanz Le Chimpanz commun (Pan troglodytes) est une espce de singes appartenant  la famille des hominids.
En informatique, une application web (aussi appele web application, de l'anglais et franais) est une application manipulable directement en ligne grce  un navigateur web et qui ne ncessite donc pas d'installation sur les machines clientes, contrairement aux applications mobiles.
Autoportrait  l'oreille bande et  la pipe est une peinture  l'huile sur toile de l'artiste peintre nerlandais Vincent Van Gogh ralise  Arles en janvier 1889.
On appelle bronche un conduit qui apporte l'air riche en dioxygne depuis l'extrieur du corps dans les poumons.
Lentomophagie est la consommation d'insectes par l'tre humain,[Note .
La ville de Toulon est situe dans le Midi de la France dans le Sud-Ouest du dpartement du Var sur le littoral mditerranen,  mi-chemin entre Marseille,  l'ouest, et Saint-Tropez,  l'est.
Le traitement des eaux uses est lensemble des procds visant  dpolluer leau use avant son retour dans le milieu naturel ou sa rutilisation.
L'arbalte (du latin arcuballista) est une arme de trait, constitue d'un arc mont sur un ft et lanant des projectiles appels carreaux.
L'expression jour J (en anglais: D-Day), dj utilise par les militaires lors de la prparation des offensives de la fin de la Premire Guerre mondiale, dsigne actuellement le mardi 6 juin 1944, premier jour du dbarquement de Normandie, marquant le dbut de la bataille de Normandie lors de la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
La carte d'tat-major est une carte gnrale de la France ralise, dans sa premire version, au XIXesicle.
Mannheim (prononc: /manham/ couter) est une ville industrielle du Land du Bade-Wurtemberg, dans le sud-ouest de l'Allemagne.
Militant politique pour les droits civiques, et notamment ceux des Noirs amricains, il a t candidat, avec un programme trs progressiste,  l'investiture du Parti dmocrate pour les lections prsidentielles, en 1984 et en 1988.
Ravage par un tremblement de terre en 1960, la ville a t entirement reconstruite selon les normes parasismiques obligatoires.
Il est reconnu comme le prcurseur et l'inspirateur de la Convention des droits de l'enfant.
Tom Frager, n le 1er juillet 1977  Dakar au Sngal, est auteur-compositeur-interprte franais faisant partie du groupe Gwayav' et surfeur dix fois champion de surf en Guadeloupe.
La voiture sans conducteur de Google, souvent appele Google Car (en franais: voiture Google), est un dmonstrateur de voiture autonome en dveloppement en 2020 par Google X, filiale d'Alphabet.
Pour remplir cet objectif, l'agence spatiale amricaine, la NASA, dveloppe le vaisseau spatial Gemini biplace disposant de capacits de manuvre en orbite importantes et qui, pour la premire fois dans le monde de l'astronautique, met en uvre un ordinateur embarqu.
Un pied  coulisse, ou calibre  coulisse, est un instrument de mesure de longueur compos essentiellement de deux parties coulissantes l'une par rapport  l'autre, la partie mobile comportant le systme de mesure appel vernier.
Jodhpur (hindi:  [djodpour], ville de Jodha) est l'ancienne capitale du Mrvar et la deuxime ville de l'tat indien du Rajasthan en nombre d'habitants, aprs la capitale de ltat, Jaipur, dont elle est distante de 340km.
Le deutrium, not 2H ou D, est l'isotope de l'hydrogne dont le nombre de masse est gal  2: son noyau atomique, appel deuton ou deutron, compte 1proton et 1neutron avec un spin 1+ pour une masse atomique de 2,0141017778g/mol.
Les chambres de commerce et d'industrie (CCI) sont, en France comme dans d'autres pays, des organismes chargs de reprsenter les intrts des entreprises commerciales, industrielles et de services d'une zone gographique et de leur apporter certains services.
La Nouvelle-Zlande (en anglais: New Zealand; en maori: Aotearoa) est un pays insulaire d'Ocanie, situ dans le sud-ouest de l'ocan Pacifique.
Le Cantal (/k.tal/) est un dpartement franais faisant partie de la rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes.
Valentin Brunel, dit Kungs (prononc:[kuz]), est un disc jockey, auteur-compositeur et musicien franais, n le 17 dcembre 1996  Toulon.
Le screamo dfinit de nombreux sous-genres dont le crunkcore, un style de crunk utilisant les techniques vocales du screamo; le screamo est influenc par le grindcore; le Nintendocore s'inspire du screamo; et l'emoviolence, qui mlange screamo et powerviolence.
Dans l'histoire, la Panthre rose est le nom d'un bijou, objet de l'enqute de l'inspecteur parisien Jacques Clouseau: le gnrique du film la met cependant en scne sous la forme d'un flin rose en dessin anim.
Philippe Soupault, n le 2 aot 1897  Chaville et mort le 12 mars 1990  Paris XVIe, est un crivain, pote et journaliste franais, cofondateur du surralisme.
L'immigration clandestine, l'immigration illgale, ou parfois immigration irrgulire est l'entre illgale, illicite, ou discrte sur un territoire national d'trangers n'ayant pas ralis les formalits attendues.
Une caravane est un convoi de marchandises ou groupe de personnes voyageant ensemble, essentiellement dans le cadre d'une expdition commerciale.
Le canal de Panama (espagnol: canal de Panam) est un canal maritime de 80km de long, qui traverse listhme de Panama en Amrique centrale, reliant locan Pacifique et locan Atlantique.
Le palais du Parlement de Bretagne, souvent appel simplement le Parlement de Bretagne, est un btiment d'architecture classique construit au XVIIesicle, situ  Rennes, en Ille-et-Vilaine, et qui fut le sige du Parlement de Bretagne de sa construction jusqu sa dissolution par la Rvolution franaise en fvrier 1790, en dehors de son exil  Vannes de 1675  1689.
Le drapeau de la France, drapeau tricolore bleu, blanc, rouge, galement appel drapeau tricolore, ou simplement drapeau franais, est lemblme et le drapeau national de la Rpublique franaise.
Le shogunat Tokugawa (, Tokugawa bakufu?) est une dynastie de shoguns qui dirigrent le Japon de 1603  1869[Lien  corriger]
Magdebourg, en allemand Magdeburg, est une ville d'Allemagne orientale, capitale du Land de Saxe-Anhalt, sur les rives de l'Elbe.
Ce volcan bouclier s'est construit au pied du Mauna Loa voisin et culmine  1246,2mtres d'altitude, ce qui en fait l'un des plus imposants du monde si on tient compte de l'empilement total de ses coules de lave.
Avengers ou Les Avengers: Le film au Qubec et au Nouveau-Brunswick (Marvel's The Avengers) est un film de super-hros amricain cocrit et ralis par Joss Whedon, sorti en 2012.
Caenorhabditis elegans (C. elegans en abrg) est un petit ver d'un millimtre environ, transparent et non parasitaire.
Le coren est une langue parle en Core, dans les districts frontaliers de la Rpublique populaire de Chine (Yanbian) et dans les communauts migres (notamment au Japon, en Chine (Pkin, Shandong), en Russie, en Australie, aux tats-Unis, en France, etc.), et est la langue officielle de la Core du Nord et de la Core du Sud.
CoRoT-9 b est une exoplante en orbite autour de l'toile CoRoT-9, situe dans la constellation du Serpent,  1500annes-lumire du systme solaire.
Super Mario Kart (, Sp Mario Kto?) est un jeu vido dvelopp par Nintendo EAD et dit par Nintendo, sorti en 1992 sur Super Nintendo.
Cassiope est une des 88constellations du ciel, visible dans l'hmisphre nord.
Filosofem (norvgien pour "philosophme") est le quatrime album du one man band Burzum, le dernier avant l'emprisonnement de son unique membre Varg Vikernes, et aussi le dernier de black metal jusqu' la libration de ce dernier, les productions enregistres en prison tant du dark ambient.
La banquise saisonnire (appele aussi banquise annuelle ou hivernale) a moins d'un an: elle se forme durant l'hiver polaire, lorsque la temprature de l'eau de mer descend en dessous de 1,8C ou lorsque la temprature de l'eau douce descend sous 0C; au cur de l'hiver, l'paisseur des glaces peut atteindre un  deux mtres, compte non tenu de la neige qui s'y accumule.
Pygoscelis adeliae Le Manchot Adlie (Pygoscelis adeliae) est une espce d'oiseaux Sphenisciformes vivant en Antarctique.
La Gloire de mon pre est le premier tome des Souvenirs d'enfance, un roman autobiographique de Marcel Pagnol, paru en 1957.
Koba LaD, de son vrai nom Marcel Junior Loutarila, est un rappeur franais d'origine congolaise n le 3 avril 2000  Saint-Denis en Seine-Saint-Denis.
Musulman sunnite, il fait fortune en Arabie saoudite, pays dont il possde la nationalit, avant de diriger cinq gouvernements au Liban entre 1992 et 2004, notamment de 1992  1998 puis de 2000  2004.
Lopration Barbarossa (en allemand: Unternehmen Barbarossa), nomme en rfrence  l'empereur Frdric Barberousse, est le nom de code dsignant l'invasion par le IIIe Reich de l'Union sovitique pendant la Seconde Guerre mondiale,  partir du 22 juin 1941, et le dbut du front de l'Est qui sera le plus grand thtre d'oprations de la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Jean-Baptiste Klber, n le 9 mars 1753  Strasbourg et assassin le 14 juin 1800 au Caire en gypte, est un gnral franais qui s'est illustr lors des guerres de la Rvolution franaise, notamment lors de la guerre de Vende et la campagne d'gypte.
Le tournoi fait partie de la catgorie des tournois du Grand Chelem au nombre de quatre: l'Open d'Australie, les Internationaux de France de tennis (Roland-Garros), Wimbledon et l'US Open de tennis.
Porto Velho est la capitale de l'tat brsilien du Rondnia, dans la partie haute du bassin de l'Amazone.
La tradition chrtienne attribue sa rdaction  Marc, identifi au Marc compagnon de Paul puis de Pierre, personnage mentionn par le Nouveau Testament, spcialement les Actes des Aptres et les ptres de Paul et de Pierre.
En 1924, Andr Breton le dfinit dans le premier Manifeste du surralisme comme un automatisme psychique pur, par lequel on se propose d'exprimer, soit verbalement, soit par crit, soit de toute autre manire, le fonctionnement rel de la pense.
Le Federal Bureau of Investigation (qui est littralement traduit par Bureau fdral d'enqute), ou trs couramment nomm par son sigle FBI (/ef 'bi ai/)[a], est, aux tats-Unis, le principal service fdral de police judiciaire et un service de renseignement intrieur.
Hendrik Antoon Lorentz, n le 18 juillet 1853  Arnhem (Pays-Bas) et mort le 4 fvrier 1928  Haarlem (Pays-Bas), est un physicien nerlandais qui s'est illustr par ses travaux thoriques sur la nature de la lumire et la constitution de la matire.
Revendiquant la fonction particulire de dtective priv consultant, il est dot d'une mmoire remarquable pour tout ce qui peut l'aider  rsoudre des crimes en gnral, ainsi que d'une capacit de dduction hors du commun.
Le club connat son heure de gloire au dbut des annes 1980, quand Alex Ferguson mne le club  un tripl historique en Coupe d'Europe des vainqueurs de coupe, Supercoupe de l'UEFA et Coupe d'cosse en 1983, puis au doubl Coupe-championnat l'anne suivante.
Ypres (nerlandais: Ieper, allemand: Ypern) est une ville de Belgique situe en Rgion flamande, chef-lieu d'arrondissement en province de Flandre-Occidentale.
L'aspartame a un pouvoir sucrant environ 200 fois suprieur  celui du saccharose et est utilis pour dulcorer les boissons et aliments  faible apport calorique ainsi que les mdicaments.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, ne le 29 octobre 1938  Monrovia (Liberia), est une femme d'tat librienne, prsidente de la Rpublique du 16 janvier 2006 au 22 janvier 2018.
La comtesse de Sgur, ou Sophie Rostopchine[note  et selon l'onomastique russe Sofia Fiodorovna Rostoptchina[note , est une femme de lettres franaise d'origine russe ne le 1er aot 1799 (calendrier grgorien)  Saint-Ptersbourg et morte le 9 fvrier 1874  Paris.
Les Banu Hilal, Hilalites ou Hilaliens (en arabe:  ) taient une confdration de tribus d'Arabie des rgions de Hejaz et Najd ayant migr en Afrique du Nord entre la fin du Xe au XIIIesicle.
L'estomac (en grec ancien ) (aussi appel poche stomacale) est la portion du tube digestif en forme de poche, situe entre lsophage et le duodnum.
Kingdom Hearts ( , Kingudamu Htsu?) est une srie de jeux vido d'action-RPG dveloppe et dite par Square Enix, qui marque l'association entre Disney Interactive Studios et l'univers des jeux de Square sous la direction de Tetsuya Nomura.
C'est un projet issu de la Fondation Ubuntu utilisant l'environnement de bureau graphique Xfce  la place de Gnome 3 (et prcdemment Unity).Le projet Xubuntu est une distribution Linux drive de Ubuntu, car tous deux partagent exactement la mme base, des logiciels communs (Synaptic), les mmes dpts APT, le mme nom de code et le mme cycle de dveloppement.
Le double attentat du marathon de Boston est une attaque terroriste survenue le lundi 15 avril 2013  14h50 HAE (18h50 UTC)  Boston, dans le Massachusetts, aux tats-Unis lors de la 117edition du marathon de la ville, durant laquelle deux bombes ont explos.
La Catrina est un personnage populaire de la culture mexicaine; il s'agit d'un squelette fminin vtu de riches habits et portant gnralement un chapeau, elle est inspire de la Calavera garbancera dont on ne voit, sur l'illustration originale,  que le buste.
Al-Qada (arabe:  al-qida, littralement la base) est une organisation terroriste islamiste fonde en 1987 par le cheikh Abdullah Yusuf Azzam et son lve Oussama ben Laden.
Dlimit au nord et  l'est par l'Espagne puis au sud et  l'ouest par l'ocan Atlantique, il est le pays le plus occidental de l'Europe continentale.
Christopher Martin, plus connu sous le nom de Chris Martin est un auteur-compositeur-interprte et producteur anglais, n le 2 mars 1977  Exeter dans le Devon.
Un cauchemar est un rve causant une forte motion ngative, le plus communment de la peur ou de l'horreur, mais galement du dsespoir, de l'anxit ou une grande tristesse.
Le rugby  XIII, appel rugby league dans les pays anglophones, est un sport collectif opposant deux quipes de treize joueurs qui se disputent un ballon ovale dans un stade.
La vinification consiste  transformer le mot de raisin en un type prcis de vin dot de caractristiques organoleptiques spcifiques.
Christian Marie Dominique Libert Boltanski, n le 6 septembre 1944  Paris7e et mort   Paris14e le 14 juillet 2021, est un artiste plasticien franais reconnu comme l'un des principaux artistes franais contemporains.
Les rochers Liancourt, galement appels Dokdo (/) en coren ou Takeshima () en japonais, sont un petit groupe d'lots situ en mer du Japon, contrls de facto par la Core du Sud mais revendiqus par le Japon.
Un roman de chevalerie est une uvre romanesque, le plus souvent en prose, inspire ou adapte des romans courtois et des chansons de geste en vers des XIe et XIIIesicles.
Le climat polaire est un type de climat caractris par des tempratures froides toute l'anne, sans chaleur estivale et avec des hivers glaciaux.
Plonvez-Porzay [ploneve pz] (en breton: Plonevez-Porzhe) est une commune situe dans la partie sud du dpartement du Finistre, dans la rgion Bretagne, en France.
Alix de Vergy (vers 1182, Reulle-Vergy  1251, Prenois), fille de Hugues de Vergy, seigneur de Vergy, et de Gillette de Trainel (ou Traynel), fut duchesse de Bourgogne en devenant la deuxime pouse du duc EudesIII.
La Haute Autorit de lutte contre les discriminations et pour l'galit, galement connue sous son acronyme Halde, est une autorit administrative indpendante franaise ayant exist de 200  2011.
Maribor (allemand: Marburg an der Drau), le chef-lieu de la Basse-Styrie (tajerska), est la seconde commune urbaine de Slovnie aprs la capitale Ljubljana.
Csar Manrique, n le 24 avril 1919  Arrecife et mort le 25 septembre 1992 ( 73ans)  Tahiche, est un peintre, architecte et sculpteur espagnol, dfenseur de la nature de son le natale, Lanzarote dans les les Canaries, qui a influenc l'image de l'le volcanique de manire dcisive.
Piero della Francesca, de son nom complet Piero di Benedetto de Franceschi ou encore Pietro Borghese, n entre 1412 et 1420  Borgo San Sepolcro (aujourd'hui Sansepolcro) dans la haute valle du Tibre en rpublique de Florence et mort dans la mme ville le 12 octobre 1492, est un artiste peintre et un mathmaticien florentin du Quattrocento (XVesicle italien).
Le virus Zika est l'agent infectieux  l'origine, chez l'homme, de l'infection  virus Zika.
Il pouse alors Marie et, acceptant l'enfant, devient le pre nourricier de Jsus, qui, de ce fait, appartient  sa ligne, celle de David.
Vnus est la deuxime plante du Systme solaire par ordre d'loignement au Soleil, et la sixime plus grosse aussi bien par la masse que le diamtre.
La cathdrale Saint-Maurice d'Angers, en France, est l'glise cathdrale du diocse d'Angers.
La nectarine (fruit de Prunus persica var. nucipersica) est une varit de pches (Prunus persica) issue d'une mutation naturelle.
Swinging London ou Swinging Sixties est une expression rendant compte de la vitalit culturelle de Londres dans les annes 1960, devenue une capitale de la culture pop et de la mode.
Artocarpus altilis L'arbre  pain (Artocarpus altilis) est un arbre de la famille des Moraces, originaire d'Ocanie, domestiqu dans cette rgion pour son fruit comestible et aujourd'hui largement rpandu sous les tropiques.
Une station spatiale est une installation en orbite ou dpose sur un astre, habite par un quipage humain pendant une priode prolonge, ne disposant pas de moyens de propulsion autonomes ou ne disposant que de moyens de propulsion rduits.
Un pont  poutres est un pont dont le tablier est port par une ou plusieurs poutres en bois, en acier, en bton arm ou prcontraint.
Canon Inc. (, Kyanon kabushiki gaisha?, TSE: 7751, NYSE: CAJ) est une entreprise japonaise base  Tokyo spcialise dans les produits optiques, incluant appareils photo, photocopieurs et imprimantes.
Gerbillinae Les gerbilles (Gerbillinae) sont des mammifres qui forment une sous-famille de petits rongeurs de la famille des Murids.
Le chocolat est constitu du mlange, dans des proportions variables, de pte de cacao, de beurre de cacao et de sucre; auxquels sont ajoutes ventuellement des pices, comme la vanille, ou des matires grasses vgtales.
Les jeux sont des versions amliores de Pokmon Soleil et Lune, proposant de nouveaux lments de scnarios.
Au terme de sa maturation, entre 5 et 10 jours, le furoncle s'ouvre et limine le follicule pileux (bourbillon) formant une ulcration cratriforme.
Il est le premier mdecin  avoir introduit et tudi de faon scientifique le vaccin contre la variole, et est considr comme le pre de l'immunologie.
L'ultranationalisme (peut tre orthographi ultra-nationalisme et galement appel nationalisme extrme, nationalisme radical et nationalisme fanatique) est un nologisme pour dsigner une forme de nationalisme extrme et exacerb, jadis appele chauvinisme.
La dcentralisation consiste en un transfert de pouvoirs de l'tat vers des personnes morales de droit public distinctes de lui.
L'asile tant un lieu o une personne se sentant menace peut se mettre en scurit, le droit d'asile renvoie au fait que, dans diffrentes civilisations, les socits ont reconnu un droit  chaque tre humain de trouver refuge face  des menaces et des perscutions.
De faon analogue, les plantes cultives pour leur apport en protines sont appeles protagineux.
L'arithmancie ou arithmomancie est une technique de divination base sur les chiffres de 1  9.
L'actuel monarque est le roi Harald V, qui rgne depuis le 17 janvier 1991.
Cleveland (en anglais [klivlnd]) est une ville portuaire du Midwest des tats-Unis situe sur la rive sud du lac ri, dans l'tat de l'Ohio.
Ce genre, rpandu dans l'ocan Pacifique, comprend entre 3 et 6 espces selon les sources.
Les guerres d'Italie sont une suite de conflits (onze guerres) mens par les souverains franais en Italie  partir de la fin du XVesicle et au cours du XVIesicle pour faire valoir ce qu'ils estimaient tre leurs droits hrditaires sur le royaume de Naples, puis sur le duch de Milan.
Un dbris spatial, dans le domaine de l'astronautique, est un objet artificiel circulant sur une orbite terrestre, amen l dans le cadre d'une mission spatiale, et qui n'est pas ou plus utilis.
La Cinq, dite par la socit France ,,,, puis par la Socit d'exploitation de la 5e chaine,, (ou La Cinq S.A.), est la premire chane de tlvision gnraliste nationale commerciale prive et gratuite franaise diffuse du 20 fvrier  au 12 avril 1992[10].
Les Pur-sangs se sont exports dans de nombreux pays qui ont dvelopp une industrie des courses hippiques, principalement en Amrique du Nord ds 1730, puis en Australie, en France, en Italie, au Japon et en Amrique du Sud, au cours du XVIIIesicle.
Un rgiment est une unit militaire dont l'effectif moyen varie habituellement entre 1000 et 3500 soldats, commands par un officier suprieur du grade de colonel ou de lieutenant-colonel.
Google+ (prononc et parfois crit Google Plus, souvent abrg G+) est une ancienne application de rseau social de l'entreprise amricaine Google lance le 28 juin 2011, et dont la fermeture progressive a t annonce le 9 octobre 2018.
Cest ainsi que la ville shonore encore du titre de Marraine de lAmrique.
La plupart du temps, l'hydropisie en tant que maladie dsignait la cause principale d'dmes gnraliss,  savoir l'insuffisance cardiaque congestive; depuis, le terme s'applique surtout aux poissons d'aquariums ainsi qu'aux escargots.
C'est le Land allemand le plus peupl et dot du plus fort poids conomique, en partie grce au bassin industriel de la Ruhr.
L'ozone (de l'allemand Ozon, driv du grec oz exhaler une odeur), ou trioxygne, est une substance de formule chimique O3: ses molcules sont triatomiques, formes de trois atomes d'oxygne.
Le calendrier chinois tant un calendrier luni-solaire, la date du Nouvel An chinois dans le calendrier grgorien varie d'une anne sur l'autre, mais tombe toujours entre le 21 janvier et le 19 fvrier, lors de la deuxime nouvelle lune depuis le solstice d'hiver quand le soleil se trouve dans le signe du Verseau.
Oyonnax Rugby (connu jusqu'au 31 mai 2018 en tant qu'Union sportive Oyonnax rugby) est un club franais de rugby  XV fond en 1909, bas  Oyonnax dans le dpartement de l'Ain.
Freyja est une desse majeure dans la mythologie germanique et nordique qui est mentionne ou reprsente dans de nombreux contes.
Le brownie est un gteau au chocolat, fondant par endroits, cuit au four.
Red Notice ou  Notice rouge au Qubec, est une comdie d'action amricaine crite, coproduite et ralise par Rawson Marshall Thurber, sortie en 2021 sur Netflix.
Le tunnel sous la Manche (en anglais, The Channel Tunnel ou Chunnel[note ) est un tunnel ferroviaire majoritairement  sous-marin reliant Folkestone, dans le sud-est du Royaume-Uni (Kent, Angleterre) et Peuplingues, prs du terminal de Coquelles, dans le nord de la France (Pas-de-Calais, Hauts-de-France), et donc le rseau ferroviaire britannique aux rseaux franais et europen.
Caldas da Rainha est une ville et municipalit du Portugal du district de Leiria situe dans la sous-rgion de lOuest, dans la province de lEstremadura, et la rgion Centre.
Pouic-Pouic est un film franais ralis par Jean Girault, sorti en 1963, d'aprs la pice de thtre Sans crmonie de Jacques Vilfrid et Jean Girault, cre en 1952.
Le nom du fleuve provient de Henry Hudson, un Anglais naviguant pour le compte des Provinces-Unies et notamment de la Compagnie nerlandaise des Indes orientales (Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie, VOC), qui explora le fleuve en 1609.
Les nanosciences et nanotechnologies (daprs le grec , nain), ou NST, peuvent tre dfinies au minimum comme lensemble des tudes et des procds de fabrication et de manipulation de structures (physiques, chimiques ou biologiques), de dispositifs et de systmes matriels  lchelle du nanomtre (nm), qui est l'unit la plus proche de la distance entre deux atomes.
Sa capitale est La Havane, sa langue officielle l'espagnol et sa devise le peso cubain.
La peine de mort, ou peine capitale, est une peine prvue par la loi consistant  excuter une personne ayant t reconnue coupable d'une faute qualifie de crime capital.
Le sabotier est une personne qui est spcialise dans la fabrication des sabots.
Isabelle dOrlans  de son nom de naissance, Isabelle Marie Laure Victoire dOrlans , par son mariage, comtesse de Schnborn-Buchheim, est ne le 8 avril 1932 au Manoir dAnjou,  Woluwe-Saint-Pierre, en Belgique.
La livre sterling (en anglais: pound sterling), souvent abrge en livre (pound), est l'unit montaire officielle du Royaume-Uni, des dpendances de la Couronne britannique, et des territoires britanniques d'outre-mer.
Le kilogramme, dont le symbole est kg (en minuscules), est l'unit de base de masse dans le Systme international d'units (SI).
Robert Lewandowski (en polonais /rbrt lvandfski/  audio), n le 21 aot 1988  Varsovie en Pologne, est un footballeur international polonais voluant au poste d'attaquant au FC Barcelone et en slection polonaise.
La boxe anglaise, aussi appele le noble art, est un sport de combat dans lequel deux adversaires, de mme catgorie de poids et de mme sexe, se rencontrent sur un ring, munis de gants rembourrs afin de limiter le risque de coupure, et s'changent des coups de poing, ports au visage et au buste.
Le projet Teacher in Space (anglais: Teacher in Space Project, Enseignant dans l'espace) (TISP) est un ancien programme spatial de la National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
Le taekwondo se distingue des autres arts martiaux, surtout dans sa forme, par le haut degr de spcialisation de ses pratiquants en techniques de coups de pied bien plus que dans d'autres techniques, par les nombreuses protections utilises lors des comptitions de combat et par son inclusion au programme des Jeux olympiques d't depuis 2000.
SketchUp est un logiciel de modlisation 3D, d'animation et de cartographie orient vers l'architecture.
Spcialiste de la Russie sovitique, elle est en outre une pianiste accomplie.
Kenneth Loach dit Ken Loach [kn lt], n le 17 juin   Nuneaton (Warwickshire), est un ralisateur britannique de cinma et de tlvision.
Incorpor au sein de la Fdration internationale de bobsleigh et de tobogganing (FIBT)  la cration de celle-ci en 1923, le skeleton apparait  deux reprises aux Jeux olympiques d'hiver en 1928 et 1948  Saint-Moritz avant d'tre dfinitivement programm  partir des Jeux olympiques d'hiver de 2002 de Salt Lake City.
Batrice Martin, dite Cur de pirate (parfois abrg CDP), est une chanteuse, parolire, auteure-compositrice-interprte et pianiste canadienne, ne le 22 septembre 1989  Outremont (Qubec).
Gilbert Montagn, n le 28 dcembre 1951 dans le 20earrondissement de Paris, est un auteur, compositeur et interprte franais.
En physique, la constante gravitationnelle, aussi connue comme la constante universelle de gravitation, note G{\displaystyle G}, est la constante de proportionnalit de la loi universelle de la gravitation d'Isaac Newton.
Elle accde  la notorit internationale en interprtant, de 1994  2004, le personnage de Rachel Green dans la sitcom  succs Friends.
Corinthe (en grec ancien et en grec moderne  / Krinthos) est une ville portuaire importante de la Grce moderne, chef-lieu du district rgional de Corinthie et du Dme des Corinthiens.
Le requiem (forme  l'accusatif du latin requies signifiant repos), ou messe de requiem, est une messe de l'glise catholique clbre lors de funrailles ou de crmonies du souvenir.
La broderie est un art de dcoration des tissus qui consiste  ajouter sur un tissu un motif plat ou en relief fait de fils simples, parfois en intgrant des matriaux tels que des paillettes, des perles, voire des pierres prcieuses.
Le village de Morgat (mgat) se situe sur la commune de Crozon dans le Finistre en France.
Vestalia est une fte religieuse romaine en lhonneur de Vesta, la desse du foyer o brlait continment le feu sacr de Rome.
Les Choristes est une comdie dramatique et une comdie musicale franco-germano-suisse ralise par Christophe Barratier, sortie en 2004.
Le terme gnrique insecticide inclut aussi les pesticides destins  lutter contre des arthropodes qui ne sont pas des insectes (ex: araignes ou acariens tels que les tiques) ainsi parfois que des rpulsifs.
Ltourdi ou les Contretemps ou L'estourdy ou les contre-temps, est une comdie en cinq actes et en alexandrins de Molire, reprsente pour la premire fois  Lyon en .
Les Grandes Vacances est une comdie franco-italienne crite et ralise par Jean Girault, sortie en 1967.
La guerre se dfinit comme un tat de conflit arm entre plusieurs groupes politiques constitus, comme des tats.
Une action est un titre de proprit dlivr par une socit de capitaux (par exemple une socit anonyme ou une socit en commandite par actions).
Ptolme XIII Thos Philopator (n vers 61 avant notre re et mort le 15 janvier 47 avant notre re prs d'Alqam en gypte) est un des derniers pharaons d'gypte avant la priode romaine.
Le prsident de la Rpublique franaise est le chef de l'tat en France, exerant les plus hautes fonctions du pouvoir excutif de la Rpublique avec le Gouvernement.
Le massif du Jura ou Jura est une chane de montagnes situe en Europe occidentale, principalement le long de la frontire entre la France et la Suisse, au nord-ouest des Alpes dont il constitue une zone d'avant-pays plisse, et au sud du massif des Vosges.
Babar est un lphant de fiction, hros de la littrature d'enfance et de jeunesse imagin par Ccile de Brunhoff, mis en album et illustr par Jean de Brunhoff.
Il est cr en fvrier 2005 par Steve Chen, Chad Hurley et Jawed Karim, trois anciens employs de PayPal, puis rachet par Google en octobre 2006 pour 1,65milliard de dollars.
Nightwish est un groupe de metal symphonique finlandais originaire de Kitee, dans la rgion de la Carlie du Nord.
La famille des Oleaceae (Olaces) regroupe des plantes dicotyldones; elle comprend 900 espces rparties en 25  26 genres.
La latitude est une coordonne gographique reprsente par une valeur angulaire, expression de la position d'un point sur Terre (ou sur une autre plante), au nord ou au sud de l'quateur qui est le plan de rfrence.
Bien qu'il existe des traitements antirtroviraux luttant contre le VIH et retardant par consquent l'apparition du sida, rduisant ainsi la mortalit et la morbidit, il n'existe  l'heure actuelle aucun vaccin ou traitement dfinitif.
Becky G, de son vrai nom Rebbeca Marie Gomez, ne le 2 mars 1997  Inglewood, en Californie, est une chanteuse, rappeuse, danseuse, auteur-compositrice-interprte et actrice amricaine dorigine mexicaine.
Administrativement, Phnom Penh est galement une province du Cambodge.
La  minijupe (ou mini-jupe, ou jupette) est une jupe trs courte, droite ou plisse, dont la longueur se situe entre sous les fesses et la mi-cuisse.
Mont-Dauphin est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement des Hautes-Alpes en rgion Provence-Alpes-Cte d'Azur.
De part et d'autre de la Piazza, deux btiments annexes accueillent l'Institut de recherche et coordination acoustique/musique (Ircam) et l'atelier Brancusi.
Les riches se faisaient, en principe, incinrer, tandis que les Romains plus pauvres comme les esclaves pouvaient tre jets dans des fosses communes, sans crmonie.
Le vtrinaire est un mdecin spcialiste de la mdecine vtrinaire et de la chirurgie des animaux.
PayPal est une entreprise amricaine offrant un systme de service de paiement en ligne dans le monde entier.
La diplomatie est la conduite de ngociations et de reconnaissances diplomatiques entre les personnes, les groupes ou les nations en vue de dfinir un accord, par exemple pour rsoudre un conflit sans violence.
La Jeanneke-Pis, signifiant la petite fille [qui] pisse en bruxellois, est une statue avec fontaine situe  Bruxelles en Belgique.
La boule de Nol est une dcoration de Nol traditionnellement en forme de boule, mais pouvant adopter des formes trs diverses, que l'on accroche aux branches des sapins installs  l'occasion de Nol  l'aide d'un fil, d'une corde ou d'un crochet.
La famille des cuivres regroupe des instruments  vent (galement appels arophones) dont le son est produit grce  lair qui est  lintrieur du linstrument mais aussi grce  la vibration des lvres du musicien jouant sur cet instrument places sur lEmbouchure, contrairement aux instruments du groupe des vent des bois(, une flte par exemple) dont le son est produit par le souffle et la vibration qui est prsente en cause dune anche.
Larche de No est, d'aprs la Bible, un navire construit sur l'ordre de Dieu afin de sauver No, sa famille (sa femme, ses trois fils ainsi que leurs pouses) et ainsi qu'un couple (ou sept couples) de toutes les espces animales pour les sauver du Dluge sur le point d'advenir.
Une ncropole (du grec ncros et polis: Cit des morts) est un groupement de spultures monumentales ou de tombes spares des lieux de culte.
Alexandre Benalla, n le 8 septembre 1991  vreux (Eure), est un responsable de scurit et agent public contractuel franais.
Les Grecs appelaient le Chamaerops humilis, Phoenix chamaeriphes, ce qui signifie littralement palmier jet  terre.
Le sunnisme est le principal courant religieux de l'islam reprsentant entre 85 et 90% des musulmans du monde,.
Daewoo tait un groupe industriel sud-coren fond par Kim Woo-choong, prsent dans de nombreux domaines, dont la construction navale, le btiment, les armes, l'lectromnager, l'lectronique et l'automobile.
Agra (en hindi: ; en ourdou:  gr) est une ville situe dans l'tat de l'Uttar Pradesh en Inde, chef-lieu de l'une des 18 divisions territoriales de cet tat et du District d'Agra.
Les motifs et mises en pratique de l'antismitisme incluent divers prjugs, des allgations, des mesures discriminatoires ou dexclusion socio-conomique, des expulsions, des massacres dindividus ou de communauts entires.
En pratique, lopration Barbarossa dure de juin 1941  janvier-fvrier 1942, lchec allemand de la bataille de Moscou achevant la premire phase du conflit sur le front russe.
Le roumain (en roumain: romn) est une langue appartenant au groupe des langues romanes orientales de la branche romane de la famille des langues indo-europennes.
La chapelle Saint-Georges (Saint Georges Chapel en anglais) est la chapelle royale anglicane du XVesicle en style gothique du chteau de Windsor.
En France, le roman parat pour la premire fois en 1885, traduit aux ditions Hetzel.
Il est principalement connu pour la dcouverte du neutron en 1932, pour laquelle il reoit le prix Nobel de physique de .
Ursus arctos Lours brun (Ursus arctos) est une espce dours qui peut atteindre une masse corporelle de 130  700kg.
Tout comme les autres tyrannosaurids, Albertosaurus tait un prdateur bipde muni de membres antrieurs atrophis termins par deux doigts griffus ainsi qu'une large tte portant des dents pointues particulirement massives.
Space Exploration Technologies Corporation SpaceX, officiellement Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, est une entreprise amricaine spcialise dans le domaine de l'astronautique et du vol spatial.
L'effort ncessaire au bout du compte est divis (au frottement prs) par le nombre de brins, tandis que la longueur de corde  tirer pour rapprocher les groupes de poulies est multiplie d'autant (voir poulie).
Le Malade imaginaire, dernire uvre dramatique crite par Molire, est une comdie-ballet en trois actes et en prose, cre le 10 fvrier 1673 par la Troupe du Roi sur la scne du Palais-Royal  Paris, avec une musique de scne compose par Marc-Antoine Charpentier et des ballets rgls par Pierre Beauchamp.
Le trafic d'armes consiste  approvisionner en armes et/ou en munitions une entit (groupe combattant, association criminelle, tat) en violant les rglementations internationales ou nationales sur les ventes d'armes.
La sierra Nevada /sjera neaa/ (littralement chane de montagnes enneige en espagnol) est un massif montagneux rattach aux cordillres Btiques situes en Andalousie, en Espagne, qui s'tend sur la zone centre et sud-est de la province de Grenade et une partie du sud-ouest de la province d'Almeria.
Terminator 2: Le Jugement dernier (Terminator 2: Judgment Day) est un film de science-fiction amricain ralis par James Cameron et sorti en 1991.
James Cook est un navigateur, explorateur et cartographe britannique, n le 7 novembre 1728 (27 octobre 1728 selon le calendrier julien)  Marton (Middlesbrough) et mort le 14 fvrier 1779  Hawa.
LHypertext Transfer Protocol, gnralement abrg HTTP, littralement protocole de transfert hypertexte, est un protocole de communication client-serveur dvelopp pour le World Wide Web.
Un complet (appel aussi complet-veston, costume, veston-cravate, costard-cravate ou familirement costard) est un vtement masculin compos d'une veste (souvent appele veston), d'un pantalon et parfois d'un gilet.
Marwa Loud, de son vrai nom Marwa Outamghart, ne le 12 dcembre 1996  Strasbourg, est une chanteuse de pop urbaine et de RnB franaise d'origine marocaine.
Les Chevaliers du Zodiaque: La Lgende du Sanctuaire ( Legend of Sanctuary, Seinto Seiya Rejendo Obu Sankuchuari?) est un film d'animation japonais en image de synthse de Keiichi Sato adapt du manga Saint Seiya (Les Chevaliers du Zodiaque) sorti le 21 juin 2014 au Japon.
La socit de secrte des Krdugaw dsigne un groupe d'hommes initis assurant le rle d'un bouffon rituel lors de crmonies dans les communauts bambara, malink, snoufos et samogo du Mali.
Le grand bi apparat au dbut des annes 1870 et connat une grande popularit parmi les sportifs pendant les annes 1870 et 1880, mais est relativement peu utilis par les amateurs et le public  cause de sa dangerosit.
Francis Ford Coppola [fnss fd kpl], n le 7 avril 1939  Dtroit, est un ralisateur, producteur et scnariste amricain.
Langlicanisme est une confession chrtienne se voulant  la fois catholique et rforme, prsente principalement au Royaume-Uni, dans les pays de culture anglophone,  la fois dans les anciennes colonies britanniques et sur les terres d'expatriation des Britanniques de par le monde.
De la taille dun chat domestique, il ressemble au Chat de Temminck, mais possde un pelage uniforme roux ou gris, avec une longue queue.
Un tachymtre (du grec ancien  / takhs = rapide) est un instrument de mesure permettant de dterminer la vitesse de dplacement d'un objet en mouvement.
Cela entrana des tensions qui culminrent avec l'affaire Jumonville en 1754, vnement dclencheur de la guerre de la Conqute, aspect nord-amricain de la guerre de Sept Ans, qui se termina par la reddition de la Nouvelle-France en 1760, suivie du trait de Fontainebleau de 1762 puis du trait de Paris de 1763, en consquence duquel la France cde  l'Espagne et  la Grande-Bretagne une part importante de son premier empire colonial.
Le Championnat de France de football de National 3 ou National 3 (anciennement connu sous le nom de Championnat de France amateur 2 de football ou CFA 2 ou encore N3) est une comptition franaise de football correspondant au cinquime niveau hirarchique, derrire la Ligue 1, la Ligue 2, le National et le National 2.
Au moins un jeu Super Mario est sorti sur chaque console majeure de Nintendo depuis le premier pisode, Super Mario Bros., sorti en 1985 sur Nintendo Entertainment System.
Une hmorragie (du latin haemorrhagia) dsigne un saignement, un coulement de sang en dehors de l'espace vasculaire constitu par le cur, les vaisseaux sanguins (veines et artres) et la rate chez certaines espces.
Une liste lectorale est un registre dress comportant tous les noms des citoyens d'une circonscription lectorale admis  voter.
Le genre mle des lments de country et du rock.
Les bois sont des organes osseux ramifis de grande taille prsents sur la tte d'animaux tels que le cerf et la plupart des reprsentants de sa famille, les cervids.
Un post-scriptum (P.-S.), aussi orthographi postscriptum, signifiant littralement crit aprs (d'aprs postscriptum, participe pass du verbe latin postscribere), est un court message annexe ajout  la fin d'une lettre, gnralement aprs la signature.
M1 La nbuleuse du Crabe (M1, NGC 1952, Taurus A, Taurus X-1, Sh2-244) est un rmanent de supernova rsultant de l'explosion d'une toile massive en supernova historique (SN 1054).
Dans la mythologie romaine, Aurore (ou Aurora) est la desse de lAurore, quivalente de la grecque os, fille des Titans Hyprion et Thia, et sur de Sol (le Soleil) et de Luna (la Lune).
Tip Shib, galement connu sous le nom de Tip Sultn, n le 20 novembre 1750,[N   Devanahalli et mort le 4 mai 1799  Srirangapatna, fut sultan de Mysore  partir de 1782 et l'un des principaux opposants  l'installation du pouvoir britannique en Inde ce qui lui valut le surnom de tigre de Mysore.
L'le d'Elbe (en italien: Isola d'Elba) est la plus grande le de l'archipel toscan avec 224km2 de superficie et la troisime de l'Italie.
Acacia est un astrode de la ceinture principale dcouvert le 2 mars 1990  l'observatoire europen austral par l'astronome belge ric Elst.
Portant le numro 99 durant sa carrire, il est le seul joueur dont le numro est retir pour l'ensemble des quipes de la Ligue nationale de hockey[Note .
La Bible chrtienne, qui connat plusieurs canons selon les poques et les confessions, se compose de deux parties: l'Ancien Testament, qui reprend le Tanakh tel quel ou augment d'un certain nombre de livres[N  et le Nouveau Testament commun  la plupart des glises chrtiennes et regroupant les crits relatifs  Jsus-Christ et  ses disciples.
tampes (prononc [e.tp] couter) est est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de l'Essonne, en rgion le-de-France situe  cinquante kilomtres au sud-ouest de Paris et soixante kilomtres au nord d'Orlans.
Radiant est une srie de manga d'origine franaise (manfra) cre par Tony Valente et publie depuis juillet 2013 par Ankama ditions.
Les Bulls de Chicago (en anglais: Chicago Bulls; les taureaux de Chicago) sont une franchise professionnelle de basketball base  Chicago (Illinois).
Dans son sens actuellement le plus courant, c'est l'absence de bruit, c'est--dire de sons indsirables.
Beaumont-Hague (prononcer /bomag/) est une ancienne commune franaise, situe dans le dpartement de la Manche en rgion Normandie, peuple de 1356 habitants[Note  (les Beaumontais).
Un arc-doubleau[N  ou arcdoubleau[N  est un arc perpendiculaire  laxe de la vote et appuy contre la face intrieure des murs (il double la vote).
La Papouasie-Nouvelle-Guine est l'un des tats les plus linguistiquement diversifis au monde.
La rsistance intrieure franaise, appele en France la Rsistance, englobe l'ensemble des mouvements et rseaux clandestins qui durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale ont poursuivi la lutte contre l'Axe et ses relais collaborationnistes sur le territoire franais depuis l'armistice du 22 juin 1940 jusqu la Libration en 1944.
Il serpente ensuite vers le nord-est entre la Fort-Noire et le Jura souabe puis, avec le coude du Neckar, bifurque  Plochingen vers le nord-ouest et le nord pour traverser les agglomrations de Stuttgart et de Heilbronn, enfin tourne vers l'ouest entre Eberbach dans l'Odenwald jusqu' Heidelberg et finalement traverse le Foss rhnan au nord-ouest, jusqu Mannheim.
Elle fut la camarade dtudes dAlbert Einstein, puis sa premire pouse.
Les tats confdrs d'Amrique (en anglais: Confederate States of America, CSA; surnomms la Confdration, en anglais the Confederacy) taient une confdration d'tats indpendante autoproclame, ne de la scession des tats du Sud des tats-Unis d'avec les tats-Unis eux-mmes, alors surnomms l'Union.
Sonic Adventure 2 est un jeu vido de plates-formes dvelopp par Sonic Team et dit par Sega, sorti sur Dreamcast le 23 juin 2001, pour les dix ans de la srie Sonic.
La lacit s'oppose  la reconnaissance d'une religion d'tat.
Henri Tudor, en gallois Harri Tudur, n le 28 janvier 1457 au chteau de Pembroke, principaut de Galles, et mort le 21 avril 1509 au palais de Richmond, Surrey, fut comte de Richmond, puis roi d'Angleterre  partir de 1485 sous le nom d'Henri VII.
Bruce Springsteen, n le 23 septembre 1949  Long Branch (New Jersey), est un auteur-compositeur-interprte et guitariste amricain.
Le Beowulf est un pome pique majeur de la littrature anglo-saxonne, probablement compos entre la premire moiti du VIIesicle et la fin du premier millnaire.
Csar Borgia (en valencien et en Catalan, Csar de Borja), dit le Valentinois (Il Valentino), est un prince italien de la Renaissance, n le 13 septembre 1475  Rome et mort le 12 mars 1507  Viana, en Navarre.
Samir At Sad est un gymnaste franais d'origine algrienne, n le 1er novembre 1989  Champigny-sur-Marne.
Tulisa, de son vrai nom Tula Paulinea Contostavlos, ne le 13 juillet 1988 Camden Town  Londres, est une chanteuse-compositrice et actrice britannique d'origine grecque et irlandaise.
L'acn est une maladie dermatologique courante et chronique du systme pilosbac (qui comprend le follicule pileux, la tige pilaire et la glande sbace scrtant le sbum,  la racine du poil).
Asklpis ou Esculape qui est le nom en franais du dieu grec, en latin Aesculapius) est dans l'pope homrique un hros thessalien puis,  l'poque classique, le dieu grco-romain de la mdecine.
Molokai (ou Moloka'i en hawaen) est la cinquime le de l'archipel d'Hawa par la taille, avec une longueur de 61kilomtres, une largeur de 16kilomtres, une superficie de 673km2 et un littoral de 171kilomtres de longueur.
David (en hbreu: , qui signifie Bien-aim) est une figure importante de la Bible en tant que troisime roi de la Monarchie unifie d'Isral et Juda  la suite de Sal et d'Ish-boshet.
Bertrand du Guesclin, aussi nomm Bertran du Guesclin, n vers 1320[a] au chteau de la Motte-Broons,  Broons prs de Dinan, et mort le 13 juillet 1380 devant Chteauneuf-de-Randon, est un noble breton, conntable de France et de Castille, personnage majeur de la premire partie de la guerre de Cent Ans.
La Coupe du monde fminine de football 1999 se droule aux tats-Unis du 19 juin au 10 juillet 1999 et rassemble 16 participants (au lieu de 12 pour les ditions prcdentes).
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, ne le 15 septembre 1977, est une crivaine nigriane originaire dAbba dans ltat d'Anambra, au sud-est du Nigeria.
On les trouve partout, d'autant plus que le milieu est riche en bactries, notamment en quantit importante dans les excrments, le sol et les eaux d'gout; il y a dans un millilitre d'eau de mer prs de 50 millions de bactriophages.
Olivier Delafosse, dit Oldelaf, est un auteur-compositeur-interprte, chanteur humoristique et musicien franais n le 10 mai 1975  Paris.
Franck Dubosc, n le 7 novembre 1963 au Petit-Quevilly (Seine-Maritime), est un humoriste, acteur, scnariste et ralisateur franais.
Luniforme dsigne, en terminologie militaire, l'habit militaire en gnral.
Grosne est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement du Territoire de Belfort, en rgion Bourgogne-Franche-Comt.
Le Capricorne du chne (Cerambyx cerdo), Grand capricorne ou Capricorne ouvrier est une espce de coloptres de la famille des Cerambycidae.
Le japonais est la langue du Japon, parle par le peuple japonais.
Le lac Natron est un lac de soude, sal, endorique d'origine tectonique dont la superficie variable le cantonne dans le nord de la Tanzanie ou lui fait traverser pisodiquement la frontire avec le Kenya.
Christine de Pizan (italien: Cristina da Pizzano) ou de Pisan, ne en 1364  Venise et morte vers 1430 au monastre de Poissy, est une philosophe et potesse de naissance vnitienne, clbre pour ses crits rdigs en franais.
Philippe II dit Auguste, n le 21 aot 1165  Paris et mort  Mantes le 14 juillet 1223, est le septime roi (1180-1223) de la dynastie des Captiens.
Il est sign le 5 septembre 1905  lissue de ngociations qui se droulent aux chantiers navals de la Marine de Portsmouth, prs de la ville de Portsmouth aux tats-Unis.
Le Kurdistan (litt. pays des Kurdes; en kurde: Kurdewar ou simplement Kurdistan (ce dernier tant plus usit), anciennement transcrit Gordyne ou Kardouchi, est une rgion gographique et culturelle transfrontalire d'Asie occidentale, majoritairement peuple par les Kurdes.
Le Douro [do(w)u] (en portugais) ou Duero (en espagnol) est un fleuve qui prend sa source en Espagne  2160m d'altitude, dans la sierra de Urbin appartenant  la cordillre Ibrique, dans la province de Sria.
Hugo Marchand, n le 7 dcembre 1993  Nantes est un danseur franais, toile au Ballet de l'Opra national de Paris.
Paul Valry, nom de plume d'Ambroise Paul Toussaint Jules Valry, est un crivain, pote et philosophe franais n le 30 octobre   Ste (Hrault) et mort le 20 juillet 1945  Paris.
Microsoft Lumia (appel jusqu'en 2014 Nokia Lumia) est une gamme d'appareils mobiles conue et commercialise par Microsoft Mobile et prcdemment par Nokia.
La maison de Valois est la branche cadette de la dynastie captienne qui rgna sur le royaume de France de 1328  1589.
Zingiber officinale Le gingembre officinal couter (Zingiber officinale) est une espce de plantes originaire d'Inde, du genre Zingiber et de la famille des Zingiberaceae dont on utilise le rhizome en cuisine et en mdecine traditionnelle.
Le terme ABO est une combinaison des trois lettres utilises pour dfinir les trois groupes sanguins initialement dcrits dans ce systme: A, B et O, auxquels s'est ensuite ajout le groupe AB.
Les volcans rouges tirent leur nom de la couleur majoritairement rouge-orange de leurs produits ruptifs (majoritairement des laves fluides) par opposition aux volcans gris qui mettent majoritairement des cendres volcaniques au cours d'ruptions explosives, la lave des volcans rouges tant d'une manire gnrale moins visqueuse que celle des volcans gris.
La mosque bleue, mosque du sultan Ahmet ou mosque Sultanahmet (en turc Sultan Ahmet Camii ou Sultanahmet Camii) est l'une des mosques historiques d'Istanbul.
Dark Sidious Sheev Palpatine, alias Dark Sidious, ou Darth Sidious dans la version originale et qubcoise, est un personnage de fiction, seigneur noir des Sith, homme politique et antagoniste principal de la saga Star Wars cre par George Lucas.
Sophie la girafe est un jouet pour les nourrissons, cr en 1961 par la socit Delacoste, hritire de la socit Derolland qui fabrique des jouets en caoutchouc depuis 1862  Asnires-sur-Oise.
Une unit de longueur est une unit, c'est--dire un talon, permettant d'exprimer la mesure physique.
Cr par le scnariste Stan Lee et le dessinateur Jack Kirby, le personnage de fiction apparat pour la premire fois dans le comic book Fantastic Four (vol.1) #13 en avril 1963.
Une adresse  MAC (de l'anglais Media Access Control), parfois nomme adresse physique, est un identifiant physique stock dans une carte rseau ou une interface rseau similaire.
La Tragique histoire d'Hamlet, prince de Danemark (en anglais, The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark), plus couramment dsign sous le titre abrg Hamlet, est la plus longue et l'une des plus clbres pices de William Shakespeare.
Une explosion atomique ou explosion nuclaire est le rsultat de l'explosion d'une bombe atomique.
La Reuss est une rivire de Suisse, longue de 158km, affluent de l'Aar (rive droite).
Dominique Nuez de Guzman (en espagnol: Domingo Nez de Guzmn), n vers 1170  Caleruega, en Espagne, et mort le 6 aot 1221  Bologne, en Italie, est un religieux catholique, prtre, fondateur de l'ordre des frres prcheurs appels couramment dominicains.
La capitale, et la ville la plus peuple du pays, est Windhoek.
Le baba au rhum est un savarin servi imbib d'un sirop, gnralement au rhum, et parfois fourr de crme fouette ou de crme ptissire.
Le dari (en dari: ), aussi appel persan afghan ou persan oriental, est une varit du persan parle principalement en Afghanistan.
Tiken Jah Fakoly, de son vrai nom Doumbia Moussa Fakoly, n le 23 juin 1968  Odienn en Cte d'Ivoire, est un auteur-compositeur-interprte et  chanteur de reggae.
Lucie Aubrac, pseudonyme de Lucie Samuel, ne Bernard le 29 juin 1912  Paris et morte le 14 mars 2007  Issy-les-Moulineaux (Hauts-de-Seine), est une rsistante franaise  l'occupation allemande et au rgime de Vichy pendant la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
La Grande-Bretagne (en anglais: Great Britain ou plus rarement Britain, en gallois: Prydain Fawr, en scots: Great Breetain, en cornique: Breten Veur, en galique cossais: Breatainn Mhr) est une le au large du littoral nord-ouest de l'Europe continentale.
Proxima du Centaure  Alpha Centauri C Alpha Centauri C (en abrg  Cen C, parfois ACC), ou en franais Alpha du Centaure C, est le systme plantaire le plus proche du systme solaire au sein de la Voie lacte.
Aldbaran, galement appele Alpha Tauri ( Tauri/ Tau) selon la dsignation de Bayer, est une  toile gante orange, et l'toile la plus brillante de la constellation zodiacale du Taureau.
L'autocratie est un rgime politique o un seul individu dtient le pouvoir, alors qualifi de pouvoir personnel et absolu.
Le hockey est originaire du Canada et sest dvelopp  la fin du XIXesicle en Amrique du Nord.
Lom (autrefois en allemand: Lome) est la capitale et la principale ville du Togo.
Il est connu sous l'appellation de Pug (carlin) aux tats-Unis, au Brsil, en Australie et en Angleterre (du fait de son profil en poing) et de Mops (fch) en Allemagne et en Russie.
Le portugais (en portugais: portugus) est une langue appartenant  la branche romane de la famille des langues indo-europennes.
Le muse dpartemental Arles antique, dit le Muse bleu, est un muse construit  Arles en 1995, dans un btiment moderne conu par l'architecte Henri Ciriani sur la presqu'le o se trouvait l'ancien cirque romain, pour abriter les collections archologiques particulirement riches de la ville.
La dsobissance civile est le refus assum et public de se soumettre  une loi, un rglement, une organisation ou un pouvoir jug inique par ceux qui le contestent, tout en faisant de ce refus une arme de combat pacifique.
Diocltien, de son nom complet Caius Aurelius Valerius Diocletianus Augustus[b] (n vers le 22 dcembre  en Dalmatie  mort le 3 dcembre 311/312[a],), est un empereur romain qui rgna du 20 novembre 284 au 1er mai 305.
FIFA 15 est un jeu vido de football dvelopp par Electronic Arts et dit par EA Sports sorti le 25 septembre 2014.
Raymond Claude Ferdinand Aron, n le 14 mars 1905 dans le 6earrondissement de Paris et mort le 17 octobre 1983 dans le 4earrondissement de Paris, est un philosophe, sociologue, politologue, historien et journaliste franais.
Djeddah (en arabe: , Jidda, /dd.da/), parfois orthographi Jeddah ou Gedda, est la deuxime ville d'Arabie saoudite et un grand centre de commerce, situe sur les bords de la mer Rouge.
Le phare doit son nom au fait qu'un nombre relativement lev de baleines venaient s'chouer  cet endroit de l'le de R par le pass.
Il s'agit du 5efilm de l'univers cinmatographique Marvel et il fait partie de la phase une.
Il est le 45eprsident des tats-Unis, en fonction du 20 janvier 2017 au 20 janvier 2021.
La Nouvelle-Zlande (en anglais: New Zealand; en maori: Aotearoa) est un pays insulaire d'Ocanie, situ dans le sud-ouest de l'ocan Pacifique.
Conservant une influence majeure au sein du Parti rpublicain et le soutien d'une part importante de ses sympathisants, il annonce ds novembre 2022 sa candidature  llection prsidentielle de 2024.
Par extension, on utilise aussi le terme flood pour dsigner une quantit importante de messages inutiles envoys par une mme personne (ou rpts par d'autres par la suite) sur une liste de diffusion ou un forum sur Internet.
Heterozostera est un genre de plantes monocotyldones de la famille des Zosteraceae formant des Herbiers marins, qui comprend 1  4 espces selon les sources.
Gotham (otm prononc en anglais:[GOHTm]) est un village du Nottinghamshire, en Angleterre, au sud de Nottingham et au nord-est de Kegworth.
Elle est accompagne de divers ingrdients et condiments trs varis comme de la moutarde, du ketchup, de la relish, des oignons, et toutes sortes de sauces (mayonnaise, barbecue, chutney). Hot-dog dsignait  l'origine uniquement la saucisse, puis, par extension, l'ensemble du sandwich.
L'lectron, un des composants de l'atome avec les neutrons et les protons, est une particule lmentaire qui possde une charge lmentaire de signe ngatif.
La plupart du temps, l'hydropisie en tant que maladie dsignait la cause principale d'dmes gnraliss,  savoir l'insuffisance cardiaque congestive; depuis, le terme s'applique surtout aux poissons d'aquariums ainsi qu'aux escargots.
Raoul Ernest Joseph Dufy, n le 3 juin 1877 au Havre et mort le 23 mars 1953  Forcalquier, est un peintre, dessinateur, graveur, illustrateur de livres, cramiste, crateur de tissus, de tapisseries et de mobilier, dcorateur d'intrieur, d'espaces publics et de thtre franais.
Franklin Pierce, n le 23 novembre 1804  Hillsborough (New Hampshire) et mort le 8 octobre 1869  Concord (New Hampshire), est un avocat et homme d'tat amricain, 14e prsident des tats-Unis.
Une lampe  incandescence, ou ampoule  incandescence par mtonymie, est un luminaire lectrique qui claire en portant  incandescence par effet Joule un filament de tungstne, le mtal qui a le plus haut point de fusion (3422C).
Percy Jackson (titre original: Percy Jackson & The Olympians) est une srie de cinq romans de fantasy crits par Rick Riordan et bass sur la mythologie grecque.
Black M ou Black Mesrimes (de son vrai nom Alpha Diallo), n le 27 dcembre 1984  Paris, est un rappeur et chanteur franais, membre du groupe Sexion d'Assaut.
Le signal de Botrange est, depuis 1919, le point culminant de la Belgique  une altitude de 694mtres.
Le procs de Nuremberg intent par les puissances allies contre 24 des principaux responsables du Troisime Reich, accuss de complot, crimes contre la paix, crimes de guerre et crimes contre l'humanit, se tient du 20 novembre 1945 au 1er octobre 1946 dans le palais de justice de Nuremberg et constitue la premire tape de la mise en uvre d'une juridiction pnale internationale.
L'autoroute A33 est une autoroute urbaine reliant Nancy  Dombasle-sur-Meurthe, dont la longueur est de 27 kilomtres.
Raspberry Pi OS (anciennement nomm Raspbian) est un systme d'exploitation  libre et gratuit bas sur Debian optimis pour fonctionner sur les diffrents Raspberry Pi.
Le lac Abbe ou lac Abhe Bad est un lac sal endorique d'Afrique de l'Est situ sur la frontire entre Djibouti et l'thiopie,  l'extrmit occidentale de la valle de l'Awash et l'extrmit occidentale du grand bassin du Gobaad.
Le pril fcal dsigne le danger que reprsente les fces et excreta d'origine humaine et dsigne indirectement l'ensemble des maladies lies  ces excrments.
Basilik kinstrn), aussi connue sous le nom turc Yerebatan Sarnc (la citerne enfouie sous terre), est une gigantesque citerne souterraine de Constantinople, la capitale de l'Empire byzantin, dont elle est l'un des monuments les plus spectaculaires encore visibles aujourd'hui  Istanbul.
Benjamin Rabier, n le 30 dcembre 1864  Napolon-Vende et mort le 10 octobre 1939  Faverolles, est un auteur pour la jeunesse, dramaturge, animateur, illustrateur et auteur de bande dessine franais.
Alain Chabat, n le 24 novembre 1958  Oran (Algrie franaise), est un acteur, ralisateur, scnariste, humoriste, producteur de cinma et animateur de tlvision franais.
Reine-des-prs La Reine-des-prs (Filipendula ulmaria), anciennement appele ulmaire, ou fausse spire, est une plante herbace vivace de la famille des Rosaces, originaire de l'Europe.
Marisa Letcia Lula da Silva, ne Marisa Letcia Casa le 7 avril 1950  So Bernardo do Campo et morte le 3 fvrier 2017  So Paulo, est la deuxime femme de Luiz Incio Lula da Silva, ancien prsident de la rpublique fdrative du Brsil.
Le disque Blu-ray, ou Blu-ray Disc en anglais, avec comme abrviation officielle BD, est un format de disque numrique brevet et commercialis  partir de 2006 par Sony permettant de stocker et restituer des vidogrammes en haute dfinition.
 un niveau plus lmentaire, le thorme de Thals sert  calculer des longueurs en trigonomtrie,  condition de disposer de deux droites parallles.
En 1920, il devient prsident du premier Conseil de la Socit des Nations, ainsi que laurat du prix Nobel de la paix.
Cultive industriellement pour sa racine comestible, consomme comme lgume, il est appel couramment salsifis.
Marine Lorphelin, ne le 16 mars 1993  Mcon (71), est une reine de beaut, animatrice et mdecin franaise.
Certains dulcorants n'apportent pas de calories, d'autres moins que le sucre de table (saccharose), d'autres ont lavantage de ne pas tre cariognes et certains sont plus sucrs que le sucre.
Carol II (francis en CharlesII o Oswon ), n le 15 octobre 1893  Sinaia et mort le 4 avril 1953  Estoril au Portugal, est roi de Roumanie de 1930  1940.
L'Axe Rome-Berlin fut proclam le 1er novembre 1936 et transform le 27 septembre 1940 en pacte tripartite regroupant l'Allemagne nazie, le Japon et l'Italie fasciste, qui formrent ainsi une alliance militaire.
Zombillnium est une srie de bande dessine franco-belge prpublie  partir de 2009 dans Spirou no3698.
Le palais de Westminster (en anglais: Palace of Westminster), galement dsign sous le nom de Chambres du Parlement (Houses of Parliament), est le lieu o sige le Parlement du Royaume-Uni: la Chambre des communes (House of Commons) et la Chambre des lords (House of Lords).
La pauvret dsigne dans une socit donne le fait d'tre dans une situation d'infriorit matrielle par rapport aux individus les plus favoriss; cela se traduit notamment par des difficults  subvenir  ses besoins et  ceux de ses proches, mais aussi par une stigmatisation de la part des personnes plus riches.
Le mot isolation peut dsigner l'action d'isoler ou son rsultat, le mot est notamment employ dans les domaines suivants:
Les trolleybus de Genve constituent un des trois rseaux de transport en commun de la ville de Genve et de son canton en Suisse.
Le personnel navigant commercial (abrg PNC) est le personnel d'une compagnie arienne ayant pour fonction d'assurer la scurit des passagers  bord d'un aronef, mais aussi l'accueil, le confort et la fidlisation de la clientle.
Tal Benyezri, connue sous le nom de Tal maintenant dite Taloula, est une chanteuse, auteur, compositrice et guitariste et pianiste franco-isralienne, ne le 12 dcembre 1989  Hadera, en Isral.
Alligator sinensis Alligator sinensis, l'Alligator de Chine (en chinois simplifi: ; en chinois traditionnel: , Yang z , littralement Alligator du Yangtz), est une espce de crocodiliens de la famille des Alligatoridae.
Aromia moschata L'aromie musque, Aromia moschata, est une espce de coloptres capricornes au reflet cuivr qui frquente les feuillus et en particulier les saules.
Il est un des fondateurs et membre du groupe de rappeurs parisiens Sexion d'assaut.
La dnazification (en allemand, Entnazifizierung) est un processus dirig par les Allis au sortir de la Seconde Guerre mondiale et destin  radiquer le nazisme dans les institutions et la vie publique allemandes.
Roman Weidenfeller, n le 6 aot 1980,  Diez, est un ancien footballeur international allemand qui voluait au poste de gardien de but.
Des annes 1960 jusqu' sa mort, Deleuze a crit une uvre philosophique influente et complexe,  propos de la philosophie elle-mme, de la littrature, de la politique, de la psychanalyse, du cinma et de la peinture.
Les bombes ont t places prs de la ligne d'arrive sur Boylston Street et ont dton  13 secondes d'intervalle tuant trois personnes et en blessant 264 autres.
Iron Man 3 est un film de super-hros amricain cocrit et ralis par Shane Black, sorti en 2013.
Orange, surnomme la Cit des Princes, est une commune franaise situe au nord-ouest du dpartement de Vaucluse en rgion Provence-Alpes-Cte d'Azur.
Le muse ocanographique de Monaco ou Muse ocanographique est un muse ocanographique-aquarium public de style no-baroque, du Rocher de Monaco, sur la Cte d'Azur, fond face  la mer Mditerrane en 1889 par le prince Albert Ier de Monaco, et inaugur en 1910.
Le rouble (en russe: , ancien symbole: P) est l'unit montaire utilise depuis plus de 700 ans dans l'Empire russe, en URSS, en Russie actuelle et dans certains autres pays.
Le Chili, en forme longue la rpublique du Chili (en espagnol Chile et Repblica de Chile), est un pays dAmrique du Sud partageant ses frontires avec le Prou et la Bolivie au nord d'une part, et lArgentine au nord-est,  l'est et au sud-est d'autre part, et dont le territoire forme une troite bande allant du dsert d'Atacama jusqu'au cap Horn.
Le post-punk est un genre musical apparu vers la fin des annes 1970, en cho  la dferlante punk marque par un certain radicalisme, et souvent associ au mouvement new wave.
Bertrade de Montfort (ne v. 1070 - morte le 14 fvrier ) est successivement, par ses diffrents mariages, comtesse d'Anjou et reine des Francs.
Robert Gudiguian, n le 3 dcembre 1953  Marseille, est un ralisateur de cinma, producteur et scnariste franais d'origine armnienne et allemande.
Le tramway de Genve constitue un des trois rseaux de transport en commun de la ville de Genve et de son canton en Suisse.
Dian Fossey (/dan fsi/), ne le 16 janvier 1932  San Francisco (Californie, tats-Unis) et morte le 26 dcembre 1985 dans les montagnes des Virunga au Rwanda, est une primatologue amricaine, spcialise dans l'tude du comportement des gorilles de l'Est.
Maryam Mirzakhani (en persan:  ), ne le 12 mai 1977  Thran et morte le 14 juillet 2017  Stanford (Californie), est une mathmaticienne iranienne, professeur  l'universit Stanford, connue pour ses travaux en topologie et en gomtrie (notamment en gomtrie des surfaces de Riemann) et la premire femme rcipiendaire de la mdaille Fields (13 aot 2014).
Seydou Badian Kouyate, plus connu sous le nom de Seydou Badian, est un crivain et homme politique malien n  Bamako (Soudan franais) le 10 avril 1928 et mort le 28 dcembre 2018  Bamako (Mali).
Le Cid est une pice de thtre tragi-comique en vers (alexandrins essentiellement) de Pierre Corneille dont la premire reprsentation eut lieu le 7 janvier 1637 au thtre du Marais.
David mile Durkheim, dit mile Durkheim, n le 15 avril 1858  pinal et mort le 15 novembre 1917  Paris, est un sociologue franais considr comme l'un des fondateurs de la sociologie moderne.
Lors d'un vote, l'obtention de la majorit absolue ncessite de runir plus de la moiti des suffrages exprims, ce qui est souvent rsum par l'expression 50% plus une voix, bien que celle-ci fasse dbat.
Facilement manipulable, empilable et peu coteuse, elle est utilise en microbiologie pour la mise en culture de micro-organismes, de bactries ou de cellules d'organismes suprieurs (par exemple la culture d'hybridome).
Permis de tuer (Licence to Kill) est un film britannique ralis par John Glen, sorti en 1989.
L'histoire du Mexique est traditionnellement divise en trois grandes priodes: prhispanique, coloniale et indpendante.
Leopardus pardalis LOcelot (Leopardus pardalis ou anciennement Felis pardalis) est un flin qui vit en Amrique du Sud et en Amrique centrale.
Un tabouret est un sige  un, trois ou quatre pieds, gnralement sans dossier et sans bras.
Helmut Josef Michael Kohl [hlmut jozf mael kol], n le 3 avril 1930  Ludwigshafen et mort le 16 juin 2017 dans la mme ville, est un homme d'tat allemand, membre de l'Union chrtienne-dmocrate d'Allemagne (CDU).
Chez l'tre humain, la strilit est l'incapacit physiologique de concevoir naturellement, de porter ou d'accoucher une progniture saine ou viable.
Le safran est une partie du gouvernail d'un navire, constitu d'un plan vertical pouvant pivoter afin de dvier le flux d'eau sous la coque pour changer la direction du navire.
Au-del de l'adoption d'une pratique alimentaire vgtalienne (qui exclut les produits alimentaires d'origine animale comme la viande, le poisson, les insectes, les produits laitiers, les ufs et le miel), le vganisme exclut galement la consommation de tout autre produit issu des animaux, de leur exploitation ou test sur eux (cuir, fourrure, laine, soie,etc.), et plus gnralement l'utilisation des animaux dans le cadre des loisirs.
L'le Kodiak est une grande le ctire du sud de l'Alaska dont elle est spare par le dtroit de Chelikhov.
Comme la contrebasse dont elle est inspire, la guitare basse est gnralement utilise pour jouer la ligne de basse au sein de la section rythmique d'un ensemble musical, mais elle est galement utilise comme instrument soliste.
L'Amas de la Vierge est un grand amas de galaxies situ  une distance de 15 22Mpc (48,9 71,8millions d'a.l.).Il fut dcouvert par Charles Messier en 1781, qui cartographia un grand nombre de ses galaxies les plus importantes, notamment la galaxie gante M87.
Charles Roger Hargreaves, n le 9 mai 1935  Cleckheaton dans le comt du Yorkshire au Royaume-Uni et mort le 11 septembre 1988  Tunbridge Wells dans le Kent, est un illustrateur et auteur britannique de livres pour enfants.
Tareck El Aissami, n le 12 novembre 1974  El Viga, est un juriste, criminologue et homme d'tat vnzulien.
Le cannibalisme est une pratique qui consiste  consommer, compltement ou partiellement, un individu de sa propre espce.
Rosetta est une mission spatiale de l'Agence spatiale europenne (ASE/ ESA) dont l'objectif principal est de recueillir des donnes sur la composition du noyau de la comte 67P/
Le Musum d'histoire naturelle de Genve abrite une importante bibliothque de littrature scientifique zoologie et sciences de la Terre et d'archives.
Je cherche aprs Titine est une chanson humoristique de 1917, dont les paroles ont t crites par Bertal-Maubon et Henri Lemonnier, et mise en musique par Lo Daniderff.
Le Project tiger (littralement de l'anglais projet tigre) est un projet gouvernemental indien lanc le 1er avril 1973 et visant  protger le Tigre du Bengale.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, ne le 15 septembre 1977, est une crivaine nigriane originaire dAbba dans ltat d'Anambra, au sud-est du Nigeria.
Mercedes-Benz (prononc en allemand:/mtsedsbnts/) est une marque allemande d'automobiles (modles premium, de sport et de luxe), de camions, d'autocars et d'autobus indpendante fonde en 1926 par trois constructeurs: Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft, Mercedes et Benz &
Trtn) est un dieu marin de la mythologie grecque, fils de Posidon et d'Amphitrite, messager des flots.
Le terme d'anticommunisme englobe, au sens large, l'ensemble des attitudes d'opposition ou d'hostilit envers les aspects thoriques ou pratiques du communisme: l'anticommunisme peut se traduire sous forme de simple prise de position, de discours politique structur, d'action ou de propagande.
Une deuxime saison est diffuse entre avril et septembre 2017, suivie par une troisime saison diffuse entre avril et septembre 2018, une quatrime saison entre octobre 2019 et avril 2020 et une cinquime saison entre mars et septembre 2021.
D'apparence physique identique, ils sont les neveux de Donald Duck et les petits-neveux de Balthazar Picsou.
Le radar (acronyme issu de l'anglais radio detection and ranging) est un systme qui utilise les ondes lectromagntiques pour dtecter la prsence et dterminer la position ainsi que la vitesse d'objets tels que les avions, les bateaux, ou la pluie.
Philippe de Habsbourg, dit Philippe le Beau (en allemand: Philipp der Schne, en nerlandais: Filips de Schone, en espagnol: Felipe el Hermoso), n le 22 juin 1478  Bruges en Flandre et mort le 25 septembre 1506  Burgos en Castille, est fils de Maximilien de Habsbourg et de Marie de Bourgogne ainsi que roi consort de Castille sous le nom de Philippe Ier.
Les Tommyknockers (titre original: The Tommyknockers) est un roman d'horreur crit par Stephen King et publi en 1987.
Dacca ou Dhaka (en bengali: , API: /aka/) est la capitale, la plus grande ville et le centre politique, culturel et conomique du  Bangladesh.
En 1933, le Bauhaus (install  Berlin) est ferm par les nazis, qui le considrent comme une cole enseignant un art dgnr.
Jrme Eho, n le 29 mars 1969  Paris, est un auteur franais de romans, scnariste et dessinateur de bandes dessines.
Le syndrome respiratoire aigu svre (SRAS) est une maladie infectieuse des poumons (pneumonie aige) due  un coronavirus, le SARS-CoV, apparu pour la premire fois en Chine en novembre 200, qui a provoqu une pidmie  partir de mai 2003 dans 29 pays, infect plus de 8000personnes et fait au moins 774 morts.
Depuis le 1er janvier 2017, le secrtaire gnral des Nations unies, nomm par l'Assemble gnrale sur recommandation du Conseil de scurit, est le Portugais Antnio Guterres.
Non-binarit est un terme gnrique utilis en sciences sociales et dans le lexique LGBT+ pour catgoriser les diffrentes identits de genre non binaires ou genderqueer qui ne s'inscrivent pas dans la norme binaire occidentale moderne, c'est--dire que les personnes non binaires ou genderqueer ne s'identifient ni strictement homme, ni strictement femme, mais entre les deux, un mlange des deux, ou aucun des deux.
lisabeth Ire, ne le 7 septembre 1533 au palais de Placentia  Londres et morte le 24 mars 1603 au palais de Richmond dans la mme ville, fut reine d'Angleterre et d'Irlande de 1558  sa mort.
Dachau (prononc en allemand:[daxa], prononc en franais:[dao]) est une ville d'Allemagne, chef-lieu de l'arrondissement de Dachau en Bavire, dans la banlieue de Munich.
Les Tractoristes (en russe: , Traktoristy) est un film musical sovitique en noir et blanc, ralis par Ivan Pyriev en 1939, produit par la socit de production cinmatographique Mosfilm.
Grenoble est la commune-centre de la deuxime agglomration de la rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes en nombre d'habitants, aprs celle de Lyon, et la troisime commune de cette rgion, derrire Lyon et Saint-tienne.
Le dj-vu est la sensation d'avoir dj t tmoin ou d'avoir dj vcu une situation prsente, accompagne d'une sensation d'irralit, d'tranget.
Par extension, le cimetire dsigne tout terrain public et sacr o, aprs une crmonie, lon enterre les morts d'un mme groupe humain dans des tombes individuelles ou lignagres o leur souvenir est gnralement signal par un monument, des symboles ou des inscriptions.
Les praticiens de cette discipline sont appels pdopsychiatres.
Les brodeurs sur machine guide main peuvent, eux, broder avec plusieurs fils et pour des ouvrages de plus grande taille.
En tant que trompettiste, il est considr par ses pairs comme un virtuose hors normes.
Les centrales lectriques alimentent en lectricit, au moyen du rseau lectrique, les consommateurs, particuliers ou industriels loigns de la centrale[N .
Lucifer est un nom latin signifiant porteur de lumire, compos de lux (lumire) et ferre (porter), qui dsigne une entit mythologique.
La princesse Victoria de Sude, princesse hritire de Sude (en sudois: Kronprinsessan Victoria) et duchesse de Vstergtland, ne le 14 juillet 1977  l'hpital Karolinska  Stockholm (Sude).
Guillaume II d'Angleterre, dit Guillaume le Roux[note  (vers 1060  2 aot 1100), est roi d'Angleterre de 1087  1100 en succdant  son pre Guillaume le Conqurant.
Ces organismes sont  opposer aux organismes endothermes qui, eux, produisent de la chaleur (les mammifres et les oiseaux par exemple).
La titulaire depuis le 22 juillet 2020 est Claire Hdon.
Arthur Karl Greiser, n le 22 janvier 1897  roda en Posnanie (orthographie Schroda en allemand), mort le 14 juillet 1946  Pozna, est un criminel de guerre nazi, gnral SS et membre du parti nazi.
Jean-Michel Tinivelli, n le 19 mars 1967  Strasbourg, est un acteur franais d'origine italienne.
CocoRosie est un groupe amricain de folk psychdlique form en 2003, duo articul autour des surs Bianca (Coco) et Sierra (Rosie) Casady, qui fabriquent une musique mlant musique lectronique, musique folk, chant lyrique, gospel, pop lo-fi, et hip-hop.
Le Lynx est une constellation de l'hmisphre nord situe au sud et  l'ouest de la Grande Ourse.
On regroupe sous le nom de fruits rouges, petits fruits, petits fruits rouges, fruits des bois ou encore baies un ensemble d'espces de vgtaux qui produisent une fructification comestible.
Dalip Singh Rana (n le 27 aot 1972  Dhiraina, Himachal Pradesh), plus connu sous le nom de The Great Khali, est un catcheur, culturiste et acteur indien naturalis amricain.
Philippe Leclerc de Hauteclocque, plus connu comme le gnral Leclerc ou marchal Leclerc, n Philippe de Hauteclocque le 22 novembre 1902  Belloy-Saint-Lonard (Somme) et mort dans un accident d'avion le 28 novembre 1947 prs de Colomb-Bchar (Algrie franaise), est un militaire franais, l'un des principaux chefs militaires de la France libre durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Le Zyklon B est un pesticide  base d'acide cyanhydrique brevet par le chimiste Walter Heerdt (ancien collaborateur de Fritz Haber) et produit par la firme allemande Degesch.
Membre de la famille Mendelssohn, il est le petit-fils du philosophe et rabbin Moses Mendelssohn, le fils du banquier et philanthrope Abraham Mendelssohn Bartholdy et le frre de la compositrice Fanny Mendelssohn.
300: La Naissance d'un Empire (300: Rise of an Empire) est un pplum amricain de Noam Murro, sorti au cinma le 5 mars 2014.
Il est diplm de l'Academia Militar das Agulhas Negras  AMAN, en 2006  Resende.
Le Champ-de-Mars est un vaste jardin public entirement ouvert, situ  Paris dans le quartier du Gros-Caillou du 7earrondissement, entre la tour Eiffel au nord-ouest et l'cole militaire au sud-est.
Une hallucination est dfinie, en psychiatrie, comme une perception sensorielle sans prsence d'un stimulus dtectable: par exemple voir des objets physiquement absents, ou bien entendre des voix sans que personne ne parle.
William Felton Russell, dit Bill Russell, n le 12 fvrier 1934  Monroe (Louisiane) et mort le 31 juillet 2022  Mercer Island (Washington), est un joueur de basket-ball professionnel amricain ayant volu au poste de pivot pour les Celtics de Boston en National Basketball Association (NBA) de 1956  1969.
Bungula Alpha Centauri ( Centauri, abrg en  Cen, selon la dsignation de Bayer), en franais Alpha du Centaure, est le systme stellaire et plantaire le plus proche du systme solaire.
Fender Musical Instruments Corporation, nomm initialement Fender's Radio Service puis Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company, est une socit cre par Leo Fender (Clarence Leonidas Fender) aux tats-Unis dans les annes 1940.
Il en rsulte une induration douloureuse du derme cause par une accumulation de pus et de tissus morts.
L'incidence du cancer du poumon chez les non-fumeurs, qui reprsentent environ 15% des cas, est imputable pour partie au tabagisme passif,[10],  l'exposition au radon,  l'amiante,  d'autres formes de pollution de l'air,, ainsi qu' une combinaison de facteurs gntiques.
Bichkek (en kirghize: ) est la capitale et la principale ville du Kirghizistan.
Vito Cascio Ferro dit Don Vito (n  Palerme le 22 janvier 1862 - mort en prison en 1943, ou en 1942, selon les sources), est l'un des plus puissants parrains de la mafia sicilienne, la Cosa nostra, actif  la fin du XIXesicle et au dbut du XXesicle.
Ses performances lui permettent de remporter  cinq reprises le Trophe Zamora de meilleur gardien du championnat d'Espagne.
Le gentil est Serrois et Serroise.
Canberra (/kanba/; en anglais: /knb/ couter) est la capitale de l'Australie et du Territoire de la capitale australienne.
Le Soviet suprme de l'Union sovitique (en russe:  , Verkhovny Soviet, littralement Conseil Suprme) constituait la plus haute institution lgislative en Union sovitique.
Brooklyn (prononc en anglais: [brkln]) est l'un des cinq arrondissements (en anglais: borough) de la ville de New York, les quatre autres tant Manhattan, Queens, le Bronx et Staten Island.
En pratique, lopration Barbarossa dure de juin 1941  janvier-fvrier 1942, lchec allemand de la bataille de Moscou achevant la premire phase du conflit sur le front russe.
Ses habitants sont appels les Cabestanyencs ou  Cabestanyenques.
Burgos est une ville du nord de l'Espagne, chef-lieu de la comarca de l'Alfoz de Burgos, dans la Communaut autonome de Castille-et-Len, capitale de la province de Burgos.
Il y a deux acceptions du terme "zodiaque": le zodiaque astronomique (zodiaque de treize constellations que le Soleil semble traverser en une anne) et le zodiaque astrologique (zodiaque des douze signes astrologiques de trente degrs chacun que le Soleil semble aussi traverser en une anne).
En particulier, Ganymde est la lune la plus grande et la plus massive du Systme solaire, dpassant en taille la plante Mercure.
Patrick Sbastien, de son vrai nom Patrick Boutot, n le 14 novembre 1953  Brive-la-Gaillarde, est un imitateur, humoriste, acteur, ralisateur, chanteur, auteur-compositeur, pote, crivain, producteur-animateur d'missions de divertissement de tlvision franaise et ex-dirigeant de club de rugby.
Morteau est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement du Doubs, la rgion culturelle et historique de Franche-Comt et la rgion administrative Bourgogne-Franche-Comt.
On parle d'closion lorsqu'un animal sort de son uf ou lorsqu'une fleur ou une graine s'ouvre.
Un proverbe est une formule langagire de porte gnrale contenant une morale, une expression de sagesse populaire ou une vrit dexprience que lon juge utile de rappeler.
Georg Simon Ohm, n le 16 mars 1789  Erlangen et mort  65 ans le 6 juillet 1854  Munich, est un physicien allemand ayant tudi  l'universit d'Erlangen.
La semaine sanglante, du dimanche 21 au dimanche suivant, 28 mai 1871, dsigne la priode la plus meurtrire de la guerre civile de 1871 et l'pisode final de la Commune de Paris, au cours de laquelle l'insurrection est crase et ses membres excuts en masse.
Les pomes de Dickinson sont en effet uniques pour leur poque: ils sont constitus de vers trs courts, nont pas de titres et utilisent frquemment des rimes imparfaites et des majuscules ainsi qu'une ponctuation non conventionnelle.
La ngritude est un courant littraire et politique, cr durant l'entre-deux-guerres, rassemblant des crivains francophones noirs, comme Aim Csaire, Lopold Sdar Senghor, les surs Paulette et Jeanne Nardal (considres comme les figures inspiratrices du mouvement), Jacques Rabemananjara, Lon-Gontran Damas, Guy Tirolien, Birago Diop et Ren Depestre.
Khalid Donnel Robinson, n le 11 fvrier 1998  Fort Stewart en Gorgie aux tats-Unis, dit Khalid, est un auteur-compositeur-interprte amricain.
Le terme gnrique paganisme est employ depuis le IVesicle par des chrtiens pour dsigner la religion de ceux qui ne sont ni chrtiens ni juifs.
Dans les familles d'instruments, on dsigne comme soprano tout instrument dont l'ambitus se situe au-dessus de tous ceux de sa famille.
L'Associazione Calcio Milan  (association de football de Milan), connu sous le nom d'AC Milan, est un club de football italien fond le 16 dcembre 1899 sous le nom initial de Milan Foot-Ball and Cricket Club.
LOutaouais est une rgion administrative du Qubec, au Canada, sur la rive nord de la rivire des Outaouais, partageant une frontire avec l'Ontario.
American Dad! est une srie tlvise d'animation et sitcom anime amricaine pour adultes cre par Seth MacFarlane, Mike Barker, et Matt Weitzman pour le bloc de programmations Animation Domination diffus depuis le 6 fvrier 2005 sur le rseau Fox, puis sur la chane TBS.
Un kodomo (?, litt. enfant) est un manga ou un anime destins plus particulirement aux enfants.
Un explosif est dfini par un mlange de corps qui, lors de leur transformation, sont susceptibles de dgager en un temps trs court un grand volume de gaz port  haute temprature, ce qui constitue une explosion.
En thorie, on diffrencie les antalgiques, qui ont pour rle de diminuer la douleur, et les analgsiques, qui suppriment la sensibilit  la douleur.
Enrico Dandolo, en latin Henricus Dandulus, (n en 110  Venise  mort en mai 1205  Constantinople) fut le 41e doge de Venise, lu en 1192.
L'universit Harvard (en anglais: Harvard University), ou plus simplement Harvard, est une universit prive amricaine situe  Cambridge, ville de l'agglomration de Boston, dans le Massachusetts.
Une monarchie constitutionnelle est un type de rgime politique qui reconnat un monarque lu ou hrditaire comme chef de l'tat, mais o une constitution limite ses pouvoirs.
Les Octodons (Octodon) sont un genre qui comprend plusieurs espces de petits rongeurs de la famille des Octodontidae que l'on rencontre dans la cordillre des Andes, principalement dans les montagnes du Chili.
Le maltais (en maltais: Malti) est une langue chamito-smitique (ou afro-asiatique) de la famille des langues smitiques.
Un gteau de riz est un entremets servi froid ou tide  base de riz au lait li  l'uf, cuit au four dans un moule pour qu'il prenne la consistance d'un gteau .
Le Poitou (en poitevin Poetou) est une ancienne province franaise, comprenant les actuels dpartements de la Vende (Bas-Poitou), Deux-Svres et de la Vienne (Haut-Poitou) ainsi que des parties nord-est de la Charente-Maritime, nord de la Charente et ouest de la Haute-Vienne.
Le coup d'tat du 2 dcembre 1851 est l'acte par lequel, en violation de la lgitimit constitutionnelle, Louis-Napolon Bonaparte, prsident de la Deuxime Rpublique franaise depuis trois ans, conserve le pouvoir  quelques mois de la fin de son mandat alors que la Constitution de la Deuxime Rpublique lui interdisait de se reprsenter.
Margaret Bergmann-Lambert ne Bergmann, connue comme Gretel Bergmann (12 avril 1914  Laupheim (royaume de Wurtemberg)  25 juillet 2017 dans le Queens  New York (tats-Unis)), est une athlte juive allemande spcialiste du saut en hauteur.
Alexandra Kwiatkowska-Viatteau, ne en 1948  Cracovie, est une universitaire et journaliste franaise d'origine polonaise, spcialiste de l'histoire de la Pologne contemporaine et de l'Union sovitique.
La structure innovante du btiment a t dessine par Frank Gehry dans le style qui l'a rendu clbre.
Jillian Rose Banks (ne le 16 juin 1988), plus connue par son seul nom de famille Banks (gnralement crit tout en majuscule, soit BANKS), est une chanteuse et parolire amricaine des environs de Los Angeles, Californie.
Carl Ransom Rogers, n le 8 janvier 1902  Oak Park (Illinois) et mort le 4 fvrier 1987  La Jolla (Californie), est un psychologue humaniste amricain.
Alexis-Henri-Charles Clrel, comte de Tocqueville, ou Alexis de Tocqueville, n le 29 juillet 1805  Paris et mort le 16 avril 1859  Cannes, est un magistrat, philosophe, politiste, prcurseur de la sociologie et homme politique franais.
Voir aussi: Liste des sicles, Chiffres romains Le IIIesicle (ou 3esicle) commence le 1er janvier 201 et finit le 31 dcembre 300.
Il compte Actuellement[Quand?] 15 familles, 321 genres et 2651 espces.
John Quincy Adams, n le 11 juillet 1767  Braintree (Massachusetts) et mort le 23 fvrier 1848  Washington, D.C., est un homme d'tat amricain, sixime prsident des tats-Unis pour un unique mandat de 1825  1829.
Possde (The Possession), ou La Possession au Qubec, est un film d'horreur amricano-canadien ralis par Ole Bornedal, sorti en 2012.
Le Congo, en forme longue la rpublique du Congo[a], est un pays d'Afrique centrale, situ de part et d'autre de l'quateur.
La montagne Pele est un volcan gris actif situ dans le Nord de la Martinique, le franaise des petites Antilles dont elle est le point culminant.
La pollution lumineuse est  la fois la prsence nocturne anormale ou gnante de lumire et les consquences de l'clairage artificiel nocturne sur la faune, la flore, la fonge (le rgne des champignons), les cosystmes ainsi que les effets suspects ou avrs sur la sant humaine.
Rambo 3 (Rambo III) est un film d'action amricain ralis par Peter MacDonald, sorti en 1988.
General Electric (GE) est un conglomrat amricain fond en 1892 par la fusion d'une partie de Thomson-Houston Electric Company et d'Edison General Electric Company.
Les roches magmatiques ou roches ignes[a] (anciennement, roches ruptives[b]), se forment quand un magma se refroidit et se solidifie, avec ou sans cristallisation complte des minraux le composant.
Moby-Dick (titre original en anglais: Moby-Dick; or, The Whale; Moby-Dick; ou, le Cachalot) est un roman de l'crivain amricain Herman Melville paru en 1851, dont le titre provient du surnom donn  un grand cachalot au centre de l'intrigue.
Le plan XVII est un plan militaire de l'Arme franaise prpar en 1913, applicable  partir du 15 avril 1914 et mis en uvre le 2 aot de la mme anne, au dclenchement de la Premire Guerre mondiale.
K-pop (abrviation de Korean pop, franais: pop corenne, coren: , RR: keipap) est un terme dsignant plusieurs genres musicaux (dance-pop, pop ballad, lectronique, etc.) originaires de Core du Sud, caractriss par une large varit d'lments audiovisuels et abrgs au terme de K-pop.
En gomtrie, un pav droit, ou paralllpipde rectangle, est une figure solide dlimite par six faces rectangulaires (bote rectangulaire).
Lordre toscan originel est un ordre architectural contemporain de l'ordre dorique grec, plus pur que lui.
Le punk rock est un genre musical driv du rock, apparu au milieu des annes 1970 et associ au mouvement punk de cette mme poque.
Benjamin Chase Harper dit Ben Harper (n le 28 octobre 1969  Claremont, Californie) est un guitariste, auteur, compositeur et chanteur amricain, accompagn de diffrents groupes (The Innocent Criminals, The Blind Boys of Alabama, Relentless Seven) avec lesquels il pratique une musique mlant les influences folk, blues, gospel, rock, funk et reggae.
FIFA 12 (FIFA Soccer 12 en Amrique du Nord) est un jeu vido de football dvelopp par EA Canada et dit par Electronic Arts, commercialis en 2011 sur Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, PlayStation 2 et Wii.
Lopra de Sydney (en anglais: Sydney Opera House),  Sydney (Nouvelle-Galles du Sud, Australie), est l'un des plus clbres btiments du XXesicle et un haut-lieu de reprsentation des arts notamment lyriques.
L'nergie cintique du courant d'eau, naturel ou gnr par la diffrence de niveau, est transforme en nergie mcanique par une turbine hydraulique, puis en nergie lectrique par une gnratrice lectrique synchrone.
 Paris, il a entre autres pour lves Paul Czanne, Paul Gauguin, Jean Pesk et Henri-Martin Lamotte.
John Coltrane (surnomm Trane) est un saxophoniste de jazz, compositeur et chef de formation musicale afro-amricain, n  Hamlet en Caroline du Nord le 23 septembre 1926 et mort  Huntington, tat de New York, le 17 juillet 1967.
L'Esquilin (en latin: Esquilinus ou Exquilinus) est l'une des sept collines de Rome, situe  l'est du centre historique de la ville.
Indiana Jones et le Royaume du crne de cristal (Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull) est un film d'aventures amricain ralis par Steven Spielberg et sorti en 2008.
L'Aude (prononc /od/) est un dpartement franais de la rgion Occitanie, qui se situe dans le Sud de la France.
Viterbe (en italien: Viterbo; en dialecte viterbais: Veterbe) est une ville d'environ 67000habitants, chef-lieu de la province de mme nom dans le Latium, en Italie.
Le Montpellier Handball est le club le plus couronn avec quatorze titres de champion de France devant le Paris Saint-Germain et ses 9 titres dont son huitime titre d'affile en 2022.
Le terme ping-pong est plutt utilis pour dsigner le jeu de loisirs, alors que tennis de table est utilis pour dsigner la pratique sportive.
Cette nappe, qui rsulte du dversement volontaire ou accidentel d'une quantit importante de ptrole brut ou de produits ptroliers lourds  la mer, est ensuite ramene vers la cte par l'effet des mares, des vents ou de courants.
Dnipro (en ukrainien: ) ou Dniepr (en russe: )  jusqu'en 1926 Ekaterinoslav ou Iekaterinoslav, de 1926  2016 Dnipropetrovsk (retranscrit de lukrainien) ou Dniepropetrovsk (retranscrit du russe)  est une ville d'Ukraine et la capitale administrative de l'oblast de Dnipropetrovsk.
Avec une altitude de 4507mtres, il est le plus haut sommet des montagnes des Virunga et ses pentes incluses dans le parc national des Volcans abritent quelques-unes des dernires populations sauvages de gorilles au monde.
Centrocercus urophasianus Le Ttras des armoises (Centrocercus urophasianus) est une espce d'oiseaux de la famille des Phasianidae.
Une maquiladora, ou son abrviation maquila, est un type d'usine qui se situe  la frontire nord du Mexique, ou parfois ailleurs en Amrique Centrale, et qui assemble  bas cot des produits d'exportation.
Le thtre (couter) est  la fois l'art de la reprsentation d'un drame ou d'une comdie, un genre littraire particulier, et l'difice dans lequel se droulent les spectacles de thtre.
Une maladie chronique (du grec ancien: / krnos, temps) dsigne une maladie dont les effets persistent dans le temps, en gnral plus de trois mois.
Juan Vicente Prez Mora, n le 27 mai 1909  El Cobre (dans l'tat de Tchira), est un supercentenaire vnzulien.
Madagascar (Madagasikara), en forme longue rpublique de Madagascar (Repoblikan'i Madagasikara), est un tat insulaire situ dans l'Ocan Indien et gographiquement rattach au continent africain, dont il est spar par le canal du Mozambique.
Bienne est une ville officiellement bilingue tout comme le canton de Berne.
Christophe Laussucq, n le 20 mai 1973  Bordeaux, est un joueur international franais de rugby  XV, voluant au poste de demi de mle, et reconverti au poste d'entraneur.
La dysphasie est un trouble central li au dveloppement du langage oral et [elle peut] toucher les aspects rceptifs (dcoder le langage reu) et/ou expressifs (phonologiques, lexicaux, syntaxiques).
Charles Martel (en latin: Carolus Martellus; en allemand: Karl Martell), n vers   Andenne actuellement en Belgique et mort le 22 octobre 741  Quierzy, est un homme dtat et chef militaire franc qui, en tant que duc des Francs et maire du palais, tait de facto dirigeant de la Francie de 718 jusqu' sa mort,,.
Les Nerviens (Nervii en latin) taient l'un des plus puissants peuples belges du nord/nord-est de la Gaule (Gaule belgique dans la terminologie romaine).
Baalbek (crit aussi Balbek, Baalbeck, Baalback, Balbeck, Balback ou Baalbec, en arabe ), ou Hliopolis  l'poque hellnistique, est une ville du Liban d'environ 80000habitants, chef-lieu du district de Baalbek.
Le milieu intergalactique possde les principales caractristiques des plasmas malgr sa trs faible densit: il peut possder un champ magntique, est un excellent conducteur lectrique et peut prsenter des effets de filamentation et de double-couche.
Pel dclare ainsi: Si je suis le Roi du football, alors Ben Barek en est le Dieu.
Le calisson (de la langue doc calissoun) est une spcialit culinaire de la cuisine provenale, confiserie en forme de navette,  base de pte de fruits de melon confit (ou d'autres fruits confits) et d'amandes broys ensemble, nappe de glaage royal, pose sur un fond de pain azyme.
Villeneuve-Saint-Georges est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement du Val-de-Marne, en rgion le-de-France.
Jacques Offenbach /ak fnbak/ (de l'allemand Jakob Offenbach /jakp fnbax/), n le 20 juin 1819  Cologne et mort le 5 octobre 1880  Paris est un compositeur et violoncelliste allemand naturalis franais.
Kylie Kristen Jenner, ne le 10 aot 1997  Los Angeles (Californie), est une personnalit de la tlralit amricaine et influenceuse sur Instagram.
Les Delphinids (Delphinidae) forment une famille de mammifres marins odontoctes, comprenant entre autres les dauphins, les stnelles, les globicphales et les orques.
Outre une mdaille d'argent aux Jeux olympiques d't de 1912 sur 5000mtres, il a gagn trois fois de suite le Cross des nations, considr alors comme le championnat du monde de la discipline.
Le vol 370 Malaysia Airlines (MH370/ MAS370[N ) est un vol international de passagers exploit par Malaysia Airlines qui a disparu le 8 mars 2014 alors qu'il volait de l'aroport international de Kuala Lumpur en Malaisie  sa destination prvue, l'aroport international de Pkin, en Chine.
Sousse (arabe: , Ssa, /sus/ couter) est une ville portuaire de l'Est de la Tunisie, situe  143 kilomtres au sud de Tunis, et ouverte sur le golfe d'Hammamet (mer Mditerrane).
Une tempte est un phnomne mtorologique violent  large chelle dite synoptique, avec un diamtre compris en gnral entre 200et 1000km, caractris par des vents rapides et des prcipitations intenses.
Mathieu Valbuena, n le 28 septembre 1984  Bruges dans la banlieue de Bordeaux (France), est un footballeur international franais qui volue au poste de milieu de terrain  l'Olympiakos.
L'Intercity-Express (ICE; en Autriche et Suisse: InterCityExpress) dsigne l'offre premium[passage promotionnel] de la Deutsche Bahn, mais galement les diffrentes sries de trains  grande vitesse utilises par ce service commercial.
Ablis [abli] couter  est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement des Yvelines en rgion le-de-France.
Un milliardaire, ou billionnaire dans les pays qui utilisent l'chelle courte, est une personne qui a une situation nette d'au moins un milliard d'units d'une monnaie, gnralement en dollar amricain.
Gray (prononc [e]) est une commune de l'Est de la France, situe dans le dpartement de la Haute-Sane, la rgion culturelle et historique de Franche-Comt et la rgion administrative de Bourgogne-Franche-Comt.
La Coupe du monde de rugby  XV 2007 (sixime dition) se droule du 7 septembre au 20 octobre 2007 en France, au pays de Galles (quatre matches dont un quart de finale) et en cosse (deux matches).
Anna de Noailles, ne Anna Elisabeth Bassaraba de Brancovan, est une potesse et une romancire franaise d'origines roumaine et grecque, ne  Paris le 15 novembre 1876 et morte dans la mme ville le 30 avril 1933.
La Cabane magique (titre original: Magic Tree House) est une srie de romans crs par Mary Pope Osborne et illustrs par Philipe Masson.
En tant que genre musical, le rock alternatif inclut divers sous-genres qui mergrent de la scne indpendante des annes 1980, comme le grunge, la Britpop, le rock indpendant et le shoegaze.
Freda Josephine McDonald, dite Josphine Baker, est une chanteuse, danseuse, actrice, meneuse de revue et rsistante franaise dorigine amricaine, ne le 3 juin 1906  Saint-Louis (Missouri) et morte le 12 avril 1975  Paris.
La roue  aubes est une roue de construction particulire, munie de pales (ou aubes), permettant de crer ou de restituer un mouvement rotatif d'axe au dpart d'un mouvement linaire de fluide.
lisabeth tait la fille du roi Henri VIII, et le cinquime et dernier membre de la dynastie des Tudor sur le trne anglais.
Sa capitale tait la ville de Louhansk, importante ville russophone et ukrainophone de l'est de l'Ukraine situe dans le Donbass.
Le championnat de France de rugby  XIII, aujourd'hui appel championnat de France lite 1, est une comptition annuelle mettant aux prises les meilleurs clubs professionnels de rugby  XIII en France.
Le prsident de la Nation argentine (en espagnol: Presidente de la Nacin Argentina) est le chef de l'tat et du gouvernement de l'Argentine depuis 1826.
L'arithmancie ou arithmomancie est une technique de divination base sur les chiffres de 1  9.
Maurice Rat, est un crivain, philologue, pdagogue,  traducteur et critique littraire franais, n le 2 mars 1891  Mignaloux-Beauvoir, (Vienne) et mort le 13 mai 1969  l'Hpital Boucicaut dans le 15earrondissement de Paris.
La bataille de Waterloo [watlo] s'est droule le 18 juin 1815, en Belgique,  vingt kilomtres au sud de Bruxelles, dans l'actuelle province du Brabant wallon.
Dihya (en amazighe: ), aussi connue sous le surnom de Al Kahina ou Al Kahena (: La prtresse) chez les arabes, est une reine guerrire berbre qui combat les Omeyyades, lors de la conqute musulmane du Maghreb au VIIesicle.
Le Pilat est un massif montagneux situ  l'est du Massif central, qui culmine au crt de la Perdrix  1431mtres d'altitude, constituant une rgion naturelle franaise.
Donna Theo Strickland, ne le 27 mai 1959  Guelph au Canada, est une physicienne canadienne pionnire dans le domaine des lasers.
Forbes est un magazine conomique amricain fond en 1917 par Bertie Charles Forbes.
La Rioja [laioa] (prononc [la rjoxa] en castillan) est une communaut autonome du nord de l'Espagne, provinciale, sans littoral, traverse par l'bre et la Oja, limite par le Pays basque au nord, par la Navarre au nord et  l'est, par l'Aragon  l'est et par la Castille-et-Len au sud et  l'ouest.
Le canton de Berne (BE, en allemand: Kanton Bern) est l'un des 26 cantons de la Suisse, bilingue allemand-franais.
Le Mouvement rformateur (MR) est un parti politique belge de centre droit, d'inspiration librale et prsent en Belgique francophone.
Les lections du Parlement europen, ou lections europennes, sont des lections multinationales destines  lire les dlgations de dputs du Parlement europen pour des mandats quinquennaux fixes.
Les Knicks de New York (New York Knicks en anglais) sont une franchise amricaine de basket-ball voluant dans la National Basketball Association (NBA), base dans larrondissement de New York  Manhattan.
Cr en Norvge  la fin du XIXesicle, le combin nordique est au programme olympique depuis la premire dition et figure aux championnats du monde depuis 1925.
La premire station de la srie, Saliout 1, est lance en 1971.
Polypodium vulgare Le Polypode commun (Polypodium vulgare L.) est une fougre de la famille des Polypodiaceae.
Dante Alighieri (Durante degli Alighieri dit Dante; en italien:[dante alijri]) est un pote, crivain, penseur et homme politique florentin n entre la mi-mai et la mi-juin 1265  Florence et mort le 14 septembre 1321  Ravenne. Pre de la langue italienne,, il est, avec Ptrarque et Boccace, l'une des trois couronnes qui imposrent le toscan comme langue littraire.
Le voltmtre   est un appareil qui permet de mesurer la tension (ou diffrence de potentiel lectrique) entre deux points, grandeur dont l'unit de mesure est le volt (V).Le plus souvent, il peut mesurer des tensions continues et alternatives.
Cupressus macrocarpa Le cyprs de Lambert ou cyprs de Monterey (Cupressus macrocarpa) est une espce d'arbre de la famille des Cupressaces, endmique de la cte centrale de la Californie.
Son chef-lieu est la ville de Cagliari.
Elle est connue pour hberger quatre exoplantes, toutes de taille similaire  la Terre, l'une d'entre elles rsidant dans la zone habitable.
La bronchopneumopathie chronique obstructive, abrge BPCO, est un groupe de maladies chroniques systmiques respiratoires, affectant souvent les bronches puis les poumons.
Florianpolis est une ville brsilienne, capitale de l'tat de Santa Catarina depuis 1823, situe sur l'le de Santa Catarina.
Thomas Jefferson, n le 13 avril 1743  Shadwell (Virginie) et mort le 4 juillet 1826  Monticello (Virginie), est un homme d'tat amricain, principal rdacteur de la Dclaration d'indpendance des tats-Unis en 1776, puis secrtaire d'tat entre 1790 et 1793, vice-prsident de 1797  1801, troisime prsident des tats-Unis de 1801  1809.
Un smoothie (de smooth, doux ou onctueux, en anglais) est une recette traditionnelle de boisson crmeuse mixe, de la cuisine des tats-Unis,  base de jus de fruits entiers, ou de lgumes frais, parfois mlangs  des jus de fruits, produits laitiers (lait, yaourt, fromage blanc), crales, glace pile, ou complments alimentaires,...
Yaound, souvent appel Gola en bti, langue de l'ethnie autochtone, la ville aux sept collines/montagnes, est la capitale politique du Cameroun.
Le Championnat de France de football de National 2, simplifi National 2 ou N2 (et anciennement connu sous le nom de Championnat de France amateur de football ou CFA) est une comptition franaise de football qui est l'quivalent d'une quatrime division, derrire la Ligue 1, la Ligue 2 et le National.
La personnification est une figure de style, un procd littraire relevant de l'anthropomorphisme, qui consiste  attribuer des proprits humaines  un animal ou  une chose inanime (objet concret ou abstraction) que l'on fait vouloir, parler, agir,  qui l'on s'adresse.
La Barbe bleue est un conte populaire dont la version la plus clbre est celle de Charles Perrault, parue en 1697 dans Les Contes de ma mre l'Oye.
En Belgique, Electrabel est historiquement le plus grand producteur et fournisseur d'lectricit.
Un tunnelier est une machine permettant d'excaver des tunnels dans des sols et des roches varies allant du sable au granite.
Le Messerschmitt Bf 110 (appel ensuite Me 110) tait un chasseur moyen bimoteur allemand, en service dans la Luftwaffe pendant la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Elle est, durant les annes 1960, le mannequin le mieux pay au monde.
Bourdon Les bourdons sont des insectes sociaux du genre Bombus et de la famille des Apidae.
Il est compos des frres Dimitri Thivaios (Dimitri Vegas) et Michael Thivaios (Like Mike), originaire de Willebroeck.
Lquivalent fminin est la bat-mitsvah, par laquelle la jeune fille juive atteint sa majorit religieuse,  lge de 12ans.
Dresde (/dzd/; en allemand: Dresden /desdn/ couter; en sorabe: Drjedany) est une ville-arrondissement dAllemagne, capitale politique et deuxime ville la plus peuple de la Saxe derrire Leipzig.
Un logement social est un logement destin,  la suite d'une initiative publique ou prive,  des personnes qui ont des difficults  se loger le plus souvent pour des raisons financires .
L'astronomie est la science de l'observation des astres, cherchant  expliquer leur origine, leur volution, ainsi que leurs proprits physiques et chimiques.
Gliese 581 g (Gl 581 g), surnomme Zarmina par son dcouvreur Steve Vogt d'aprs le prnom de sa femme, est une exoplante  l'existence non confirme, dtecte par la mthode des vitesses radiales dans le systme plantaire de l'toile Gliese 581, une naine rouge de 0,31masses solaires situe  quelque 20,3annes-lumire (soit 6,2pc) de la Terre, dans la constellation de la Balance.
La ville de Dover est la capitale de l'tat du Delaware, aux tats-Unis.
Buzz l'clair (Lightyear) ou Lightyear au Qubec est un film danimation amricain d'Angus MacLane, sorti en 2022.
Une dictature est un rgime politique dans lequel une personne ou un groupe de personnes exercent tous les pouvoirs de faon absolue, sans qu'aucune loi ou institution ne les limitent; il faut prciser que mme un rgime autoritaire peut avoir des lois, des institutions, voire un parlement avec des dputs lus, mais pas librement et ne reprsentant donc pas des contre-pouvoirs.
Les crales sont des plantes monocotyldones de la famille des poaces (les gramines), sauvages ou cultives, qui produisent des grains comestibles, utiliss principalement en alimentation humaine, souvent moulus sous forme de farine raffine ou plus ou moins complte.
La Gueldre (en nerlandais: Gelderland; en bas saxon: Gelderlaand) est la deuxime plus grande province des Pays-Bas, avec une superficie totale de 5 136,31km2, dans leur partie centre-est.
Sousse (arabe: , Ssa, /sus/ couter) est une ville portuaire de l'Est de la Tunisie, situe  143 kilomtres au sud de Tunis, et ouverte sur le golfe d'Hammamet (mer Mditerrane).
TFO (Tlvision franaise de l'Ontario) est une chane de tlvision ducative et culturelle de langue franaise de la province canadienne de l'Ontario, diffusant principalement des missions pour enfants, des documentaires et du cinma de rpertoire.
Le Loup et le Chien est la cinquime fable du Livre I des Fables de La Fontaine, dit pour la premire fois en 1668.
Le temps de Planck, ou de faon plus correcte dure de Planck, est en physique l'unit de temps du systme des units de Planck.
Fontainebleau (prononc [f.tn.blo]) est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de Seine-et-Marne en rgion le-de-France,  57kilomtres[Note  au sud-est de Paris.
Le texte est constitu d'une lettre attribue  l'aptre Paul et adresse  l'glise d'phse (situe dans l'actuelle Turquie).
Un site de rencontres est un site web qui permet aux individus d'entrer en contact et de communiquer afin de dvelopper une relation plus ou moins longue de nature sentimentale, rotique ou amicale.
Le canton du Valais (VS, en allemand: Kanton Wallis) est l'un des 26 cantons de la Suisse.
Grard Titus-Carmel, n le 10 octobre 1942 dans le 20e arrondissement de Paris, est un peintre, graveur, crivain, pote et dessinateur franais.
L'art de la Renaissance ou Renaissance artistique est une composante importante de la priode de la Renaissance du renouveau humaniste de la littrature, des arts et des sciences qui se produisit en Europe du XIVe au XVIesicle.
Loreille est l'organe qui sert  capter et intensifier le son.
Le gotique n'a donn naissance  aucune des langues germaniques actuelles, mais son caractre archaque le rend particulirement prcieux en linguistique compare.
Ahmet Davutolu, n le 26 fvrier 1959  Takent, dans le district de Konya, est un universitaire, diplomate et homme d'tat turc, Premier ministre de Turquie du 28 aot 2014 au 22 mai 2016 et prsident du Parti de la justice et du dveloppement (AKP) du 27 aot 2014 au 22 mai 2016.
La Neo-Geo, appele aussi Neo Geo Advanced Entertainment System, est une console de jeu vido sortie en 1990  la location et en 1991  la vente.
Le rhythm and blues, ou rhythm 'n' blues, abrg en R&B (ou R'n'B ou RnB, pour la mme prononciation), est un genre de musique populaire afro-amricaine ayant merg dans les annes 1940.
Euro Truck Simulator 2 est un jeu de simulation de poids lourd et la suite d'Euro Truck Simulator dvelopp par SCS Software pour Windows, Linux et Mac OS; sorti le 19 octobre 2012.
Arnaudville est une ville de Louisiane situe  cheval sur les paroisses civiles de Saint-Landry et Saint-Martin.
Dfenseur latral puis central, il gagne ensuite le Championnat d'Europe 2000 et la Coupe des Confdrations 2003 avec la slection, puis dispute la finale de la Coupe du monde 2006.
En grammaire franaise, le pronom personnel est une catgorie de pronoms servant  dsigner les trois types de personnes grammaticales.
Le comt de Hutchinson, en anglais: Hutchinson County, est un comt situ dans le Panhandle au nord de l'tat du Texas aux tats-Unis.
 la suite de la dislocation de l'URSS en 1991, l'Ukraine retrouve son indpendance.
Ses habitants sont appels les Lunellois ou  Lunelloises.
Le nom de pur-sang peut en thorie faire rfrence  plusieurs races de chevaux, et par extension, races animales.
Le parc national volcanique de Lassen (en anglais: Lassen Volcanic National Park), parfois appel parc national Lassen Volcanic, est un parc national amricain caractris par ses paysages volcaniques.
Moncton (prononc en franais: /mk.tn/[Note ; en anglais: /mk.tn/) est une ville canadienne situe dans le comt de Westmorland, dans le sud-est du Nouveau-Brunswick, en Acadie.
Elle tire son nom de la Compagnie des mines de Courrires qui exploitait le gisement de charbon du bassin minier du Nord-Pas-de-Calais dans le Pas-de-Calais et fournissait  l'poque 7% de la production nationale de charbon.
Windows 8 a t prsent en grande pompe,  l'instar des anciennes versions (7, Vista ou XP), le 25 octobre 2012, avant la sortie grand public le lendemain pour les diffrentes plates-formes (tablettes, PC et smartphones[N ).
Obi-Wan Kenobi, galement dit Ben Kenobi, est un personnage de fiction dans l'univers de la srie cinmatographique Star Wars, cre par George Lucas.
La peine de mort, ou peine capitale, est une peine prvue par la loi consistant  excuter une personne ayant t reconnue coupable d'une faute qualifie de crime capital.
L'accord commercial anti-contrefaon (ACAC), plus connu sous l'acronyme ACTA (pour Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement), est un trait international multilatral sur le renforcement des droits de proprit intellectuelle, ngoci de 2006  2010 par une quarantaine de pays.
LUnion europenne de radio-tlvision (UER, en anglais: European Broadcasting Union, EBU) est une organisation internationale cre en 1950, la plus importante association professionnelle de radiodiffuseurs nationaux dans le monde avec 117organisations membres dans 56pays dEurope, dAfrique du Nord et du Proche-Orient, et 34affilis dans 21pays dautres rgions du monde.
Un jour fri est un jour de fte civile, religieuse ou commmorant un vnement.
L'expression socialisme dmocratique dsigne, dans son acception la plus rpandue, un ensemble de courants socialistes caractriss par la conviction que la construction d'une socit socialiste, o existerait l'galit la plus grande possible et o rgnerait la justice, est compatible avec le respect des principes dmocratiques.
La liste des monarques d'Angleterre runit les rois et reines qui ont rgn sur le royaume d'Angleterre de sa cration au dbut du Xesicle jusqu' sa disparition en 1707.
Une galaxie spirale est un type de galaxie contenant jusqu' plusieurs centaines de milliards d'toiles et qui adopte la forme aplatie d'un disque, avec un renflement central sphrique lumineux appel le bulbe.
Puissance 4 (appel aussi parfois 4 en ligne) est un jeu de stratgie combinatoire abstrait, commercialis pour la premire fois en 1974 par la Milton Bradley Company, plus connue sous le nom de MB et dtenue depuis 1984 par la socit Hasbro.
PortAventura World est un complexe de loisirs espagnol de 1,19km2 (119ha)[a] situ sur les communes de Vila-seca et Salou, dans la province de Tarragone, sur la Costa Daurada.
La Cathdrale Notre-Dame, est un difice religieux catholique de grande anciennet sis au cur de la ville de Tournai, en Belgique, dont elle est lglise-cathdrale (diocse de Tournai).
Une tour de sauvetage, sur une fuse spatiale, est un dispositif utilis sur les vols spatiaux habits qui permet, lorsque le lancement d'une fuse choue au dcollage ou dans les premires phases de vol, d'loigner le vaisseau contenant l'quipage de la fuse en le mettant hors de porte de l'explosion du lanceur.
Un taxon Lazare est un taxon, le plus souvent une espce ou un groupe animal mais parfois une espce ou un groupe vgtal, qu'on a cru teint mais qu'on redcouvre vivant, ou bien un taxon qui n'apparat pas dans le registre fossile pendant une priode significative de l'histoire de la Terre et qui semble rapparatre  un moment donn.
ther ou ther est un dieu primordial dans la mythologie grecque de l'Antiquit.
La dark wave, ou darkwave (prononc [dkwev] en anglais britannique ou [dkwev] en anglais amricain), est un genre musical, apparent au mouvement gothique,, ayant merg dans les annes 1970, en parallle au pic de popularit de la new wave et au post-punk.
La Gironde est l'estuaire commun de deux fleuves: la Garonne et la Dordogne, qui joignent leur cours au bec d'Ambs.
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories est un jeu vido d'action-aventure en monde ouvert dvelopp par les studios Rockstar Leeds et Rockstar North et distribu par Rockstar Games.
Le surimi, appel souvent  tort btonnet de crabe, est un produit alimentaire ralis  base de chair ou de pte de poisson, appele  (surimi, poisson hach?) en japonais.
Meaux est, avec Provins, Torcy et Fontainebleau, l'une des quatre sous-prfectures du dpartement de Seine-et-Marne, Melun tant la prfecture.
Sa capitale et sa plus grande ville est Nouakchott.
La matire organique (MO) est la matire fabrique par les tres vivants (vgtaux, animaux, champignons et autres dcomposeurs dont micro-organismes).
Le jeu a fait l'objet de deux suites, Luigi's Mansion 2, sorti sur Nintendo 3DS en 2013, et Luigi's Mansion 3, sorti sur Nintendo Switch en 2019.
Jean-Baptiste Klber, n le 9 mars 1753  Strasbourg et assassin le 14 juin 1800 au Caire en gypte, est un gnral franais qui s'est illustr lors des guerres de la Rvolution franaise, notamment lors de la guerre de Vende et la campagne d'gypte.
Le nombre dix, not 10 dans le systme dcimal, est l'entier naturel qui suit neuf et qui prcde onze.
Grimpoteuthis est un genre d'octopodes de la famille des Opisthoteuthidae (sous-ordre des Cirrina ou cirrates).
Elle est la mre de Saint Louis,  qui elle donne une ducation trs pieuse, et exerce la rgence entre la mort de son mari, Louis VIII, et la majorit de son fils.
La Bretagne (Britannia en latin) est la province romaine qui, du premier au cinquime sicle, couvrait une partie de l'le de Grande-Bretagne correspondant  des territoires qui devinrent par la suite ceux de l'Angleterre, du pays de Galles et du sud de l'cosse.
Le Baron perch (titre original en italien: Il Barone rampante) est un roman d'Italo Calvino publi en 1957 aux ditions Einaudi et ayant reu la mme anne le prix Viareggio (ex-quo avec Le ceneri di Gramsci de Pier Paolo Pasolini).
Rtromobile est un salon annuel consacr aux voitures anciennes traitant de lensemble des thmes de la voiture de collection, qui se tient au Parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles  Paris.
Chalicotherium (animal du gravier en grec, prononc calicotriom  la franaise et parfois francis en chalicothre) est un genre teint de prissodactyles, de la famille des Chalicotheriidae qui a vcu en Europe au cours du Miocne, entre -15 et 8millions d'annes.
Albert Speer est un architecte et un homme d'tat allemand, ministre du Troisime Reich et proche de Hitler, n le 19 mars 1905  Mannheim (Empire allemand) et mort le 1er septembre 1981  Londres (Royaume-Uni).
L'Institut Pasteur est une fondation franaise prive  but non lucratif qui se consacre  l'tude de la biologie, des micro-organismes, des maladies et des vaccins.
mile Adolphe Gustave Verhaeren, n  Saint-Amand dans la province d'Anvers (Belgique) le 21 mai 1855 et mort accidentellement  Rouen le 27 novembre 1916, est un pote belge flamand, d'expression franaise.
Magdebourg, en allemand Magdeburg, est une ville d'Allemagne orientale, capitale du Land de Saxe-Anhalt, sur les rives de l'Elbe.
Moroni (en arabe: ) est la capitale fdrale de l'Union des Comores et le chef-lieu de la prfecture de Moroni-Bambao.
Un chteau de sable est une sculpture de sable, pouvant reprsenter une construction humaine (gnralement un chteau) ou simplement tre de forme quelconque: on peut alors difficilement le distinguer des sculptures de sable.
Le noir uni est reconnu par le LOOF en NRC (Nouvelle Race ou Couleur) et les couleurs issues du bleu sont enregistres par la CFA  des fins de suivis.
Aprs son titre de champion du monde 2018,  Madrid, il devient le 5 aot 2021, le premier champion olympique de karat, en s'imposant en -67 kg lors des Jeux de Tokyo 2021.
Le btail (terme collectif, sans pluriel) est l'ensemble des animaux d'levage, except celles de basse-cour et d'aquaculture.
Philippe IV (ou Felipe IV en espagnol), n  Valladolid le 8 avril 1605 et mort  Madrid le 17 septembre 1665, dit le Grand ou le roi-Plante, est roi des Espagnes et des Indes aprs la mort de son pre Philippe III d'Espagne, du 31 mars 1621  sa mort[Note .
N dans une famille pieuse, Francesco Forgione entre chez les frres mineurs capucins  Morcone et prend le nom de Pio.
Andilly est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de la Haute-Savoie, en rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes.
La signalisation routire dsigne lensemble des signaux conventionnels implants sur le domaine routier et destins  assurer la scurit des usagers de la route, soit en les informant des dangers et des prescriptions relatifs  la circulation ainsi que des lments utiles  la prise de dcisions, soit en leur indiquant les repres et quipements utiles  leurs dplacements.
Megantereon est un genre teint de grands flins appartenant  la sous-famille teinte des Machairodontinae (flins  dents de sabre) et  la tribu des Smilodontini.
Une licence libre est une licence s'appliquant  une uvre de l'esprit par laquelle l'auteur concde tous les droits ou une partie des droits que lui confre le droit d'auteur, en laissant au minimum quatre droits considrs fondamentaux aux utilisateurs: Ces liberts peuvent tre soumises  conditions, notamment l'application systmatique de la mme licence, ou d'une licence prodiguant les mmes droits aux utilisateurs, aux copies de l'uvre et aux uvres drives: un principe nomm copyleft.
Le Borussia Mnchengladbach a t aussi le premier club de l're professionnelle  remporter le championnat allemand deux fois d'affile (en 1970 et 1971).
Il s'agit du cinquime pisode de la srie Super Smash Bros..
Le massif comprend galement, sur son flanc ouest, le point culminant des Bouches-du-Rhne: le pic de Bertagne qui atteint l'altitude de 1042mtres.
Kung Fu Panda est un film d'animation amricain produit par DreamWorks Animation, ralis par Mark Osborne et John Stevenson, sorti en 2008.
La Dclaration universelle des droits de l'homme (DUDH) est adopte par l'Assemble gnrale des Nations unies le 10 dcembre 1948  Paris, au palais de Chaillot, par la rsolution 217 (III)
Peter Paul Montgomery Buttigieg, dit Pete Buttigieg (prononc en anglais: /pit butdd/), n le 19 janvier 1982  South Bend (Indiana), est un homme politique amricain.
Voici quelques expressions courantes de la langue franaise, dont l'origine, le plus souvent oublie, est une expression tire de la Bible sinon une allusion au texte de la Bible.
Le concours complet d'quitation (ou CCE) est un sport questre qui regroupe en une seule discipline trois preuves bien distinctes: une preuve de saut d'obstacles, une preuve de dressage et une preuve spcifique: le cross ou cross-country.
En informatique et en logique, un systme formel est dit complet au sens de Turing ou Turing-complet (par calque de langlais Turing-complete) sil possde un pouvoir expressif au moins quivalent  celui des machines de Turing.
Le caduce (du latin cdceus, lui-mme driv du grec ancien , krkeion, bton de messager) est un des attributs du dieu Herms dans la mythologie grecque, reprsent comme une baguette de laurier ou d'olivier surmont de deux ailes et entour de deux serpents entrelacs.
Un galet est un fragment de roche  laspect arrondi et lisse, engendr par usure mcanique et form par le mouvement des eaux.
L'Antonov An-225 Mriya (en ukrainien: -225 , signifiant aspiration, dsir ardent vers un objectif ou rve en franais, Code OTAN: Cossack) est un avion de transport trs gros porteur, conu dans les annes 1980 en unique exemplaire par l'OKB Antonov en Rpublique socialiste sovitique d'Ukraine.
La projection de Peters (ou projection de Gall-Peters d'aprs James Gall (1808-1895) et Arno Peters (1916-2002)) est une projection cartographique qui, contrairement  la projection de Mercator, permet de prendre en compte la superficie relle des continents.
Les Calliphoridae communment surnommes mouches vertes et bleues sont une famille de diptres brachycres calyptres ayant l'aspect de mouches aux couleurs mtalliques.
C'est un reptile venimeux qui se rencontre dans l'est des tats-Unis et l'extrme-sud du Canada, et mesure de 91  152cm  gnralement moins de 100cm  pour un poids de 500g  1,5kg.
Le terme gnrique insecticide inclut aussi les pesticides destins  lutter contre des arthropodes qui ne sont pas des insectes (ex: araignes ou acariens tels que les tiques) ainsi parfois que des rpulsifs.
WWE RAW est une mission tlvise de catch professionnel de la World Wrestling Entertainment qui est actuellement diffuse en direct le lundi soir sur USA Network ainsi que sur le WWE Network aux tats-Unis et 15 minutes de moins sur AB1, la chaine franaise.
Basilik kinstrn), aussi connue sous le nom turc Yerebatan Sarnc (la citerne enfouie sous terre), est une gigantesque citerne souterraine de Constantinople, la capitale de l'Empire byzantin, dont elle est l'un des monuments les plus spectaculaires encore visibles aujourd'hui  Istanbul.
James Dashner, n le 26 novembre 1972  Austell dans l'tat de Gorgie, est un romancier amricain spcialis en science-fiction et fantasy.
La guitare basse, basse lectrique ou simplement basse, est un instrument de musique  cordes conu selon le mme principe que la guitare lectrique, mais avec une tessiture plus grave.
La teen pop (ou pop adolescente) est un courant commercial de la musique pop, spcialement oriente vers le public adolescent,.
 maturit, la pulpe du kiwi gnralement verte (parfois jaune pour certaines varits) est sucre et acidule, entoure d'une peau souvent brune et duveteuse, et contient une centaine de minuscules graines noires comestibles.
La Charente-Maritime (/a.t.ma.i.tim/[Note ) est un dpartement franais situ dans le Sud-Ouest de la France et dans la moiti nord de la rgion Nouvelle-Aquitaine.
Les Columbidae (colombids ou columbids en franais) sont une famille d'oiseaux constitue d'une quarantaine de genres et d'un peu plus de 320 espces existantes de pigeons et apparents.
Philip Pullman, n le 19 octobre 1946  Norwich dans le Norfolk, est un crivain anglais connu pour le cycle littraire  la croise des mondes.
Boris Vian, n le 10 mars 1920  Ville-d'Avray (Seine-et-Oise) et mort le 23 juin 1959  Paris (7earrondissement), est un crivain, pote, parolier, chanteur, critique musical, musicien de jazz (trompettiste) et directeur artistique franais.
La ville de Dakar (en wolof: Ndakaaru) est la capitale de la Rpublique du Sngal et de la rgion de Dakar.
Il couvre prs de 20000km2, est long de 350km du nord au sud et large de 60km d'est en ouest, ce qui rend sa taille comparable  celle d'Isral ou  celle du Pays de Galles.
L'Aberdeen Football Club est un club cossais de football, bas  Aberdeen et fond en 1903.
Un chteau de sable est une sculpture de sable, pouvant reprsenter une construction humaine (gnralement un chteau) ou simplement tre de forme quelconque: on peut alors difficilement le distinguer des sculptures de sable.
Le Guizhou (chinois simplifi: ; chinois traditionnel: ; pinyin: guzhu, autrefois en franais: Kouy-Tchou) est une province intrieure au sud de la rpublique populaire de Chine dont le chef-lieu est Guiyang.
Franois Morellet, n le 30 avril 1926  Cholet (Maine-et-Loire) et mort le 11 mai 2016 dans cette mme ville, est un peintre, graveur et sculpteur franais.
La Coupe du monde de football 2006 est la dix-huitime dition de la Coupe du monde de football et s'est droule du 9 juin au 9 juillet 2006 en Allemagne, qui a t choisie en juin 2000 pour l'organiser.
La chaire (du latin cathedra, sige) ou plus compltement la chaire de vrit ou chaire  prcher, est  l'origine le sige d'un vque dans son glise principale (maintenant dsign sous le terme de cathdre).
L'affaire Stavisky est une crise politico-conomique franaise survenue en janvier 1934, succdant au dcs dans des circonstances mystrieuses de l'escroc Alexandre Stavisky.
Jakob Ludwig Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy, plus couramment appel Felix Mendelssohn (parfois Flix avec accent), n le 3 fvrier 1809  Hambourg et mort le 4 novembre 1847  Leipzig, est un compositeur, chef d'orchestre et pianiste allemand du dbut de la priode romantique.
Abeille europenne, Avette, Mouche  miel Abeille europenne, avette ou mouche  miel (Apis mellifera) est une abeille  miel originaire d'Europe.
Un talkie-walkie, ou walkie-talkie au Canada, est un metteur-rcepteur radio mobile servant aux liaisons radiotlphoniques tout en se dplaant  pied.
Les brodeuses et brodeurs utilisent des outils spcifiques, tels que l'aiguille  coudre ou le crochet  de nos jours souvent rservs au secteur de la haute-couture lorsqu'il sont faits  la main , la machine  broder, ou des machines industrielles.
Didier Deschamps, n le 15 octobre 1968  Bayonne (Pyrnes-Atlantiques), est un footballeur international franais, reconverti en entraneur.
Frans Hals (Anvers?, entre 1580 et   Haarlem, 26 aot 1666) est un peintre baroque nerlandais (Provinces-Unies), considr, avec Rembrandt et Johannes Vermeer, comme l'un des plus importants du sicle dor.
Le lancer du marteau est une discipline de l'athltisme, originaire d'anciennes pratiques celtes, qui consiste  lancer un boulet en acier de 16 livres anglaises (7,257 kg) pour les hommes et 4 kg pour les femmes, le plus loin possible.
L'alternance consonantique dsigne les modifications que subissent les consonnes  dans certaines langues  suivant les formes qui les suivent (ou les prcdent)
Srie 04 Les automotrices de la srie 04 de la SNCB, plus souvent appeles AM 96 (et parfois DMT) sont des automotrices triples moteurs  courant alternatif triphas.
Cr en 1932  sous le nom Division nationale, il devient en 1972 Division 1 (D1) et reoit en 2002 son nom actuel de Ligue 1 (L1).
Une unit de longueur est une unit, c'est--dire un talon, permettant d'exprimer la mesure physique.
Riri, Fifi et Loulou Duck (Huey, Dewey and Louie Duck en VO) sont des personnages de fiction de l'univers des canards crs en 1937 par Ted Osborne et Al Taliaferro pour les studios Disney.
Un clin est un contact physique entre deux personnes qui implique gnralement une treinte avec les bras ou une grande proximit.
Dans les sciences du vivant, la classification scientifique des espces (galement nomme classification biologique) correspond  l'association de la systmatique, qui est la mthode ou ensemble de mthodes permettant de classer le vivant, et de la taxonomie, qui est le rsultat de la mthode de classification.
Alexandra est un nom propre qui peut dsigner:
Les compagnies rpublicaines de scurit, couramment dsignes par leur sigle CRS, forment un corps spcialis de la Police nationale en France.
Le pouls est la perception du flux sanguin puls par le cur par la palpation d'une artre.
Jean Fouquet, n vers 1420, peut-tre  Tours (France), et mort entre 1478 et 1481, probablement dans la mme ville, est considr comme l'un des plus grands peintres de la premire Renaissance et le rnovateur de la peinture franaise du XVesicle.
Jackson Pollock, n le 28 janvier 1912  Cody dans le Wyoming et mort le 11 aot 1956  Springs dans l'tat de New York, est un peintre amricain de l'expressionnisme abstrait, mondialement connu de son vivant.
Le mercredi est habituellement considr comme le troisime jour de la semaine, notamment dans le calendrier grgorien; dans certains autres calendriers, c'est le quatrime jour.
Tombolo est un terme gomorphologique concernant un cordon littoral entre une le ou un lot et la cte (continent ou une autre le).
Charlie et la Chocolaterie (Charlie and the Chocolate Factory) est un roman pour enfants de l'auteur britannique Roald Dahl.
LInquisition (du mot latin inquisitio signifiant enqute, recherche) est une juridiction spcialise (autrement dit un tribunal), cre au XIIIesicle par l'glise catholique et relevant du droit canonique.
Un instrumentiste est un musicien qui interprte ou improvise (il est alors appel improvisateur) de la musique en jouant d'un instrument.
Yvan Pommaux, n le 13 septembre 1946  Vichy, est un auteur de littrature d'enfance et de jeunesse et de bande dessine franais.
L'histoire figure dans le livre de la Gense, du chapitre 6 au chapitre 9, correspondant  la Parasha Noah.
Surnomm le prince des mathmaticiens, il est considr comme l'un des plus grands mathmaticiens de tous les temps.
Il fut antrieurement lev  la condition de duc de Brunswick-Lunebourg (Hanovre) et de prince-lecteur du Saint-Empire romain germanique  partir de 1698.
La grotte de Fingal  (en galique cossais: An Uaimh Bhinn, en anglais: Fingals Cave)  est une clbre caverne basaltique situe dans les hbrides intrieures d'cosse, sur l'le inhabite de Staffa.
Mais sa popularit explose aprs son interprtation de la jeune Murphy dans le film de science-fiction Interstellar (2014) pour laquelle elle a reu des critiques trs positives ainsi que de nombreuses distinctions.
La famille des Jacanids (ou Jacanidae) comprend les 8 espces de jacanas (du tupi aha'n), oiseaux aquatiques de taille moyenne (de 15  58 cm), vivement colors.
La Vende est une rivire qui traverse notamment le dpartement franais de la Vende, auquel elle a donn son nom.
Hans Holbein le Jeune, n  Augsbourg, en Bavire, vers 1497 et mort  Londres en 1543, entre le 8 octobre et le 29 novembre, est un peintre et graveur de la Renaissance allemande, d'abord sujet du Saint-Empire romain germanique, puis citoyen de Ble (ancienne Confdration suisse).
Un anion (du grec ana-: en haut et in: qui va) est un ion qui, ayant gagn un ou plusieurs lectrons, porte une ou plusieurs charges lectriques lmentaires ngatives: par exemple, lion chlorure Cl est latome de chlore ayant gagn un lectron.
Le rock est un genre musical apparu dans les annes 1950 aux tats-Unis et qui s'est dvelopp en diffrents sous-genres  partir des annes 1960, notamment aux tats-Unis et au Royaume-Uni.
Jes Rodrguez Ruiz, plus communment appel Jes, n le 26 fvrier 1993  Las Palmas (les Canaries, Espagne), est un footballeur espagnol qui volue au poste d'attaquant au MKE Ankaragc.
La Fdration franaise de basketball (FFBB) est une association loi de 1901, fonde en 1932, charge d'organiser, de diriger et de dvelopper le basket-ball en France, d'orienter et de contrler l'activit de toutes les associations ou unions d'associations s'intressant  la pratique du basket-ball.
Le relief appalachien est un type de relief de plissement conscutif  une reprise de l'rosion d'une ancienne chane de montagne aprs pnplanation.
Paolo Villaggio, n le 31 dcembre 1932  Gnes et mort le 3 juillet 2017  Rome, est un acteur, crivain, animateur de tlvision et comique italien.
Gilles Vigneault, n Joseph Jean-Marie Gilles Vigneault le 27 octobre 1928  Natashquan,, au Qubec, est un pote, auteur de contes et de chansons, auteur-compositeur-interprte qubcois.
L'hypoglycmie (ne pas confondre avec hyperglycmie, qui dsigne le phnomne exactement inverse) est une concentration en glucose dans le sang (glycmie) anormalement basse.
Cairina moschata Le Canard musqu (Cairina moschata), parfois dit canard muet, est une espce d'oiseaux amricains, des canards pcheurs, dont est issue la race domestique des canards de Barbarie.
On appelle galement les pampas ou la pampa la vaste rgion gographique d'Amrique du Sud o ce milieu s'tend, qui couvre une zone de prs de 750000km2 incluant les provinces argentines de Buenos Aires, La Pampa, Santa Fe, Crdoba, l'Uruguay et le Rio Grande do Sul au Brsil.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, n le 15 janvier 1809  Besanon et mort le 19 janvier 1865  Paris (16e arrondissement), est un polmiste, journaliste, conomiste, philosophe, politique et sociologue franais.
Le Valenciennes Football Club, couramment abrg en VAFC est un club de football franais fond en 1913  Valenciennes.
Mission impossible 2 (Mission: Impossible 2, galement abrg en M:I-2) est un film amricano-allemand ralis par John Woo et sorti en 2000.
Dourdan (prononc [dud] couter) est une commune franaise situe  quarante-quatre kilomtres au sud-ouest de Paris dans le dpartement de lEssonne dans la rgion le-de-France.
Par moments, le rock alternatif a t utilis pour dcrire l'ensemble des artistes underground des annes 1980, toute la musique descendant du punk rock (dont le punk rock lui-mme, la new wave, et le post-punk), et, paradoxalement, le rock en gnral pendant les annes 1990 et les annes 2000.
Un navire de charge (traduction littrale de langlais cargo ship ou cargo boat) ou cargo est un navire de commerce ou navire marchand dont le rle consiste  transporter des marchandises sous diverses formes en utilisant la voie maritime.
Les six degrs de sparation (aussi appele thorie des six poignes de main) est une thorie tablie par le Hongrois Frigyes Karinthy en 1929 qui voque la possibilit que toute personne sur le globe peut tre relie  n'importe quelle autre, au travers d'une chane de relations individuelles comprenant au plus six maillons.
Gibraltar est revendiqu par l'Espagne, et ce, bien que la majorit de sa population soit attache  rester britannique,.
Calvi est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de la Haute-Corse et le territoire de la collectivit de Corse.
Le Proverbe est une nouvelle de Marcel Aym, parue dans Candide en 1939.
Bellatrix, ou Gamma Orionis ( Orionis /  Ori) dans la dsignation de Bayer, est une toile gante bleue de la constellation d'Orion, 3e par sa magnitude (+1,6) et de type spectral B2.
La masse volumique d'une substance, aussi appele densit volumique de masse, est une grandeur physique qui caractrise la masse de cette substance par unit de volume.
Un IMSI-catcher, parfois traduit en intercepteur d'IMSI, est un appareil de surveillance utilis pour intercepter le trafic des communications mobiles, rcuprer des informations  distance ou pister les mouvements des utilisateurs des terminaux.
Charlie Parker (Charles Christopher Parker, Jr.) surnomm Bird (l'oiseau) ou Yardbird, n le 29 aot 1920  Kansas City et mort le 12 mars 1955  New York, est un saxophoniste alto emblmatique du jazz amricain.
Les Canadiens de Montral sont une franchise de hockey sur glace professionnel situe  Montral dans la province de Qubec au Canada.
France Bleu Besanon est l'une des stations de radio gnraliste de France Bleu, le rseau de radio locales de Radio France.
Argentin, Argentin magnifique Argentavis est un genre teint d'oiseaux, qui n'est connu que par l'espce Argentavis magnificens (l'Argentin magnifique).
Onde de gravitation En physique, une onde gravitationnelle, appele parfois onde de gravitation, est une oscillation de la courbure de l'espace-temps qui se propage  grande distance de son point de formation.
La Licence Art Libre ou LAL (en anglais, Free Art License ou FAL) est une licence (contrat juridique) qui applique le principe du Copyleft  la cration artistique et au-del, pour toutes productions de l'esprit rgies par le droit d'auteur.
Maria Anna Walburga Ignatia Mozart, ne le 30 juillet 1751  Salzbourg et morte le 29 octobre 1829 dans la mme ville, surnomme Nannerl, est une compositrice, pianiste et claveciniste de l'poque classique.
Patrice Lumumba[N   de son vrai nom lias Okit'Asombo(n le 2 juillet 1925  Onalua, Congo belge, et mort assassin le 17 janvier 1961 prs d'lisabethville au Katanga) est un homme d'tat congolais, premier Premier ministre de la Rpublique dmocratique du Congo (Rpublique du Congo de 1960  1964) de juin  septembre 1960.
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 (ou simplement MW3) est un jeu vido de tir  la premire personne dvelopp conjointement par Infinity Ward et Sledgehammer Games ainsi que Raven Software pour la partie multijoueur, et dit par Activision en novembre 20.
Le dpartement de la Savoie (/sa.vwa/, en arpitan savoyard: Savou) est un dpartement franais de la rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes, dont le chef-lieu est la ville de Chambry.
Le grand sceau des tats-Unis (Great Seal of the United States) est utilis pour prouver l'authenticit de certains documents au sein du gouvernement fdral des tats-Unis.
Bos primigenius, Bos taurus primigenius L'aurochs[n  (ou auroch,[n ) est une espce de bovid, anctre des races actuelles de bovins domestiques et dont la descendance sauvage est dsormais teinte.
Tricholoma columbetta Tricholoma columbetta, le Tricholome colombette, est une espce de champignons (Fungi) de la famille des Tricholomataceae et du genre Tricholoma.
En sport, un ballon est un objet de forme gnralement sphrique mais pouvant parfois tre ovale comme au rugby ou au football amricain, fabriqu gnralement en cuir, en plastique, ou en mousse.
Prsident de l'Assemble constituante puis de l'Assemble nationale entre 1946 et 1947, il est lu prsident de la Rpublique au dbut de cette dernire anne, devenant le premier  occuper cette fonction sous la IVe Rpublique et le premier chef dtat socialiste en France.
Sous le califat d'Othman, l'empire islamique annexa l'Istakhr (dj conquis une premire fois en 642) en 645 et certaines zones du Khorassan en 651.
L'Observatoire de Paris est un observatoire astronomique implant sur trois sites: Paris (avenue de l'Observatoire), Meudon et Nanay.
Pithaya, Pitahaya, Fruit du dragon, Thanh Long Le fruit du dragon, galement connu sous le nom espagnol de pitaya ou pithaya ou pitahaya (du tano fruit cailleux), est le fruit de diffrentes espces de cactus hmipiphytes, et plus particulirement de celles de lespce Selenicereus undatus  (anciennement Hylocereus undatus et, mme, auparavant H. triangularis).
Super Mario Bros. (, Sp Mario Burazzu?) est un jeu vido de plate-forme dvelopp et dit par Nintendo, et sorti en 1985 sur Nintendo Entertainment System.
Le Livre de Jrmie ( Yirmyh) est un livre du Tanakh et de l'Ancien Testament, crit selon la tradition juive et chrtienne par le prophte Jrmie.
Amel Bent Bachir, dite Amel Bent, est une chanteuse et actrice franaise, ne le 21 juin 1985  Paris (75).
Le babisme ou la foi babie (persan:  , Bb h) est un mouvement religieux rformateur et millnariste fond en Iran le 23 mai 1844 (5 Jamdyul-Avval 1260 ap.
Le terme phalange peut dsigner:
Usagi Yojimbo   (en japonais, Le lapin garde du corps) est une srie de comics cre par Stan Sakai.
Le Yorkshire terrier, plus couramment appel York, est une race de chien de petite taille appartenant au groupe des terriers et originaire du comt anglais du mme nom.
Giuseppe Peano /duzppe peano/ (Spinetta di Cuneo (Coni), 27 aot 1858 - Cavoretto, prs de Turin, 20 avril 1932) est un mathmaticien et linguiste italien.
Asparagus officinalis L'asperge est une plante de la famille des Asparagaceae originaire de l'est du bassin mditerranen.
C8, abrviation de Canal 8, est une chane de tlvision gnraliste nationale prive franaise.
La Dordogne (/d.d/[Note ) est un dpartement franais de la rgion Nouvelle-Aquitaine correspondant en grande partie au Prigord, situ dans le quart sud-ouest de la France.
Aprs son titre de champion du monde 2018,  Madrid, il devient le 5 aot 2021, le premier champion olympique de karat, en s'imposant en -67 kg lors des Jeux de Tokyo 2021.
Elles ont pour origine l'infection de la peau par un virus, le papillomavirus humain (VPH) dont on dnombre une cinquantaine de types diffrents, certains donnant plus volontiers certaines verrues.
Le dpartement de Maine-et-Loire (/mne.lwa/[Note ) est un dpartement franais du Val de Loire dans la rgion Pays de la Loire.
Un passage  niveau (abrg PN dans le jargon ferroviaire) est un croisement  niveau (c'est--dire que les voies qui se croisent sont  la mme hauteur, par opposition aux ponts et aux tunnels) d'une voie ferre avec une voie routire ou pitonnire.
L'iPhone 4S est un smartphone, modle de la 5egnration d'iPhone de la marque Apple.
La Champagne est une ancienne province franaise, forme en 1065  partir d'un comt palatin par la runion autour de Provins, troisime mtropole du Royaume de France, de comts issus du dmantlement de la fraction occidentale de l'Austrasie mrovingienne, c'est--dire le nord-est de la France.
Lophius piscatorius La baudroie commune (Lophius piscatorius), nomme aussi lotte ou baudroie, est un poisson marin qui vit le long des ctes d'Europe.
France Inter est une station de radio gnraliste nationale publique franaise du groupe Radio France lance en 1947.
La boule de Nol est une dcoration de Nol traditionnellement en forme de boule, mais pouvant adopter des formes trs diverses, que l'on accroche aux branches des sapins installs  l'occasion de Nol  l'aide d'un fil, d'une corde ou d'un crochet.
Paul Langevin, n le 23 janvier 1872  Paris18e et mort le 19 dcembre 1946  Paris5e, est un physicien, philosophe des sciences, pdagogue et homme politique franais.
Capitale et majuscule dsignent, en criture manuscrite ou mcanique, typographique ou informatique, une forme de lettre de plus grande taille que la lettre courante, appele minuscule ou bas-de-casse, utilise soit en initiale de mot, soit pour mettre en vidence des phrases ou des mots entiers.
En informatique, le code source est un texte qui prsente les instructions composant un programme sous une forme lisible, telles qu'elles ont t crites dans un langage de programmation.
L'Axe Rome-Berlin fut proclam le 1er novembre 1936 et transform le 27 septembre 1940 en pacte tripartite regroupant l'Allemagne nazie, le Japon et l'Italie fasciste, qui formrent ainsi une alliance militaire.
Quito (officiellement San Francisco de Quito) est la capitale et la ville plus peuple de l'quateur et de la province de Pichincha.
Henri Grous, dit labb Pierre, n le 5 aot 1912  Lyon4e et mort le 22 janvier 2007  Paris5e, est un prtre catholique franais, d'abord capucin, puis du diocse de Grenoble (1939), rsistant, puis dput, fondateur du mouvement Emmas (organisation non confessionnelle de lutte contre l'exclusion) comprenant la Fondation Abb-Pierre pour le logement des dfavoriss et de nombreuses autres associations, fondations et entreprises de l'conomie sociale en France.
Aprs avoir connu une notorit mondiale, le groupe se dissout en 1981.
James Watt, n le 19 janvier 1736  Greenock en cosse et mort le 25 aot 1819  Heathfield Hall, dans sa maison  Handsworth (localit maintenant intgre  Birmingham, en Angleterre) est un ingnieur cossais dont les amliorations sur la machine  vapeur furent une des tapes cl dans la rvolution industrielle.
OK Boomer est une phrase ftiche et un mme Internet qui a gagn en popularit en 2019.
Mobutu Sese Seko Kuku Ngbendu wa Za Banga, couramment abrg en Mobutu Sese Seko, n Joseph-Dsir Mobutu le 14 octobre 1930   Lisala (Congo belge) et mort le 7 septembre 1997  Rabat (Maroc), est un homme d'tat, militaire et dictateur zarois, ayant gouvern la rpublique dmocratique du Congo de 1965  1997.
ExxonMobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM) est une socit ptrolire et gazire amricaine, dirige par Darren Woods et dont le sige social est situ  Irving, dans la banlieue de Dallas.
Franz Anton Beckenbauer, n le 11 septembre 1945  Munich, est un footballeur international puis entraneur allemand.
La pistache est un fruit sec, produit par un arbuste de climat mditerranen, le pistachier vrai (Pistacia vera L.) de la famille des Anacardiaces.
La bataille d'Azincourt (en anglais: Battle of Agincourt) se droule le 25 octobre 1415 prs du village d'Azincourt, dans le nord de la France.
Les Saturnales (en latin Saturnalia) sont, durant l'antiquit romaine, des ftes se droulant la semaine du solstice d'hiver (soit du 17 au 23 dcembre) qui clbrent le dieu Saturne et sont accompagnes de grandes rjouissances populaires.
Conseil des ministres de l'Union europenne Le Conseil, souvent appel Conseil de l'Union europenne et parfois, officieusement, Conseil des ministres de l'Union europenne, est l'une des principales institutions de l'Union europenne (UE), avec la Commission europenne, le Conseil europen et le Parlement europen.
Il existe plusieurs sortes d'clipses notamment les clipses de Lune et celles de Soleil, ces dernires tant plus rares.
Il est sign le 5 septembre 1905  lissue de ngociations qui se droulent aux chantiers navals de la Marine de Portsmouth, prs de la ville de Portsmouth aux tats-Unis.
John Robert Cocker, dit Joe Cocker, n le 20 mai 1944  Sheffield (Angleterre) et mort le 22 dcembre 2014  Crawford (Colorado), est un chanteur de blues-rock britannique, galement, dans une moindre mesure, acteur et compositeur.
Ce plat est particulirement populaire dans le nord de l'le de Hokkaid, en  Thalande et en Chine ().
L'anneau vaginal ou anneau contraceptif est un systme d'administration de mdicaments assurant une libration contrle  longue dure d'action d'un ingrdient pharmaceutique actif pour des effets systmiques ou localiss.
Reich est un terme de la langue allemande dsignant  lorigine le territoire sur lequel sexerait la puissance et la souverainet dun prince, dun roi ou dun empereur, et plus tard celle dun tat.
Les bois sont des organes osseux ramifis de grande taille prsents sur la tte d'animaux tels que le cerf et la plupart des reprsentants de sa famille, les cervids.
Sa pardre est Lakshmi, la desse de la richesse et de la bonne fortune, sa monture Garuda, l'aigle.
Un domaine est l'ensemble des maisons, des dpendances et des terres agricoles qui entourent les jardins et les terrains d'une trs grande proprit, comme une maison de campagne ou un htel particulier.
Il remporte le prix Nobel de littrature en 1962 pour ses crits ralistes et imaginatifs, alliant  la fois un humour sympathique et une perception sociale aigu.
Carly Rae Jepsen, ne le 21 novembre 1985  Mission (Colombie-Britannique), est une auteure-compositrice-interprte canadienne.
L'Internet des objets ou IdO (en anglais (the) Internet of Things ou IoT) est l'interconnexion entre l'Internet et des objets, des lieux et des environnements physiques.
Grand Theft Auto 2 (souvent abrg en GTA 2) est un jeu vido d'action-aventure dvelopp par DMA Design et distribu par Rockstar Games, commercialis le 30 septembre 1999 sur Microsoft Windows, et le 22 octobre 1999 sur PlayStation.
Ludovic Marie Sforza dit le More (en italien Ludovico Maria Sforza  detto il Moro), n le 27 juillet 1452  Vigevano (entre Milan et Pavie) et mort le 27 mai 1508  Loches en France. Arbitre dItalie, selon lexpression utilise par Guichardin, il fut duc de Bari  partir de 1479, rgent du duch de Milan de 1480  1494, enfin duc lui-mme de 1494  1500.
L'Homme qui plantait des arbres est une nouvelle crite en 1953 par l'crivain franais Jean Giono pour faire aimer  planter des arbres, selon ses termes.
France 24 est une chane de tlvision franaise d'information internationale en continu, cre le 30 novembre 2005 et diffusant depuis le 6 dcembre 2006.
L'abngation est une vertu, une forme d'ascse, de renoncement, d'abandon du bnfice personnel pour le bien commun.
Il effectue le 6 aot 1961 le deuxime vol orbital de l're spatiale dans le cadre de la mission Vostok 2.
La Compagnie des transports strasbourgeois (CTS) est une socit publique locale, fonde en 1877  Strasbourg.
Elle est le chef-lieu de la province de Lige et la capitale conomique de la Wallonie.
Francisco Ferrer, n en janvier 1859  Alella et mort le 13 octobre 1909  Barcelone, en espagnol Francisco Ferrer Guardia, en catalan Francesc Ferrer i Gurdia, est un libre-penseur, franc-maon et pdagogue libertaire espagnol.
Ida est un astrode de la famille de Coronis, elle-mme situe dans la ceinture principale et qui a la particularit de possder une lune astrodale.
Les pomes de Dickinson sont en effet uniques pour leur poque: ils sont constitus de vers trs courts, nont pas de titres et utilisent frquemment des rimes imparfaites et des majuscules ainsi qu'une ponctuation non conventionnelle.
Un mortier ou lance-mine  est une arme lgre dartillerie, sans culasse  la force de recul tant absorbe par le sol ,  mise  feu de lobus par gravit, et de ce fait ne pouvant tirer quen tir proche de la verticale (hausse suprieure  45), ce qui lui permet d'atteindre un site proche trs masqu.
Atoum ou Toum (traduit par certains par l'Indiffrenci,) est un dieu de la mythologie gyptienne.
C'est la troisime plus grande structure connue dans l'univers observable,, aprs respectivement l'anneau gant GRB et le Grand Mur d'Hercule-Couronne borale.
Le pasttsio (en grec:  , de l'italien pasticcio) est un plat de la cuisine grecque, chypriote et mditerranenne, compos de ptes, de viande hache, le tout tant napp de sauce bchamel.
tudie particulirement  partir de 1775 par le chimiste Claude-Louis Berthollet, dont la manufacture de produits chimiques a t construite dans le quartier de Javel  Paris, elle est compose d'hypochlorite de sodium pur (NaClO), en solution aqueuse avec du sel (NaCl), rsiduel du procd de fabrication.
Andrea Mantegna[N , n vers 1431  Isola di Carturo et mort le 13 septembre 1506  Mantoue, est un graveur et peintre italien de la Premire Renaissance qui a rompu dfinitivement avec le style gothique en plein milieu du XVesicle, sans se dpartir de cette attitude tout au long de sa vie.
En gomtrie, un pav droit, ou paralllpipde rectangle, est une figure solide dlimite par six faces rectangulaires (bote rectangulaire).
Le protocole de Kyoto est un accord international visant  la rduction des missions de gaz  effet de serre et qui vient s'ajouter  la Convention-cadre des Nations unies sur les changements climatiques dont les pays participants se rencontrent une fois par an depuis 1995.
Le groupe est compos de cinq membres se prnommant Yeji, Lia, Ryujin, Chaeryeong et Yuna Le groupe a dbut le 12 fvrier 2019 avec la sortie de son single album It'z Different.
Les rpubliques du Kazakhstan, d'Ouzbkistan, de Kirghizistan, du Turkmnistan, et du Tadjikistan formrent de 1922  1991 des rpubliques socialistes sovitiques d'Asie centrale (ou Asie centrale sovitique) membres de l'URSS.
Elle est borde  l'ouest et au nord par l'Ukraine,  l'est par la Russie et au sud par la presqu'le de Crime et la pninsule de Taman (Russie), toutes deux spares par le dtroit de Kertch qui la relie  la mer Noire.
L'objectif de Kali Linux est de fournir une distribution regroupant l'ensemble des outils ncessaires aux tests de scurit d'un systme d'information, notamment le test d'intrusion.
Farming Simulator est une srie de jeux vido de simulation agricole dvelopps par la socit suisse GIANTS Software, et dits par la socit franaise Focus Home Interactive de 2008  2020.
La basilique Notre-Dame-du-Port de Clermont-Ferrand est une glise collgiale franaise de style roman auvergnat, situe  Clermont-Ferrand dans le quartier du Port, entre la place Delille et la cathdrale.
Le nombre d'espces que contient le genre varie, selon les botanistes, entre 100 et 250.
VMware est une socit informatique amricaine fonde en 1998, filiale d'EMC Corporation depuis 2004 (rachet par Dell le 7 septembre 20,), qui propose plusieurs produits propritaires lis  la virtualisation d'architectures x86.
L'amour est un fort sentiment d'affection et d'attachement envers un tre vivant ou une chose, assez intense pour pousser ceux qui le ressentent  rechercher une proximit physique, intellectuelle ou mme imaginaire avec l'objet de cet amour.
Dans la Rome antique, les questeurs sont des magistrats romains annuels comptables des finances, responsables du rglement des dpenses et de lencaissement des recettes publiques.
Surnomm le prince des mathmaticiens, il est considr comme l'un des plus grands mathmaticiens de tous les temps.
Paulnay est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de l'Indre, en rgion Centre-Val de Loire.
Les paroles originales ont t cres en franais; les deux autres versions officielles (en nerlandais et en allemand) sont donc des adaptations de la version franaise.
Billy the Cat est une srie de bande dessine belge cre par Stphane Colman et Stephen Desberg en 1981, adapte en srie anime Billy the Cat, dans la peau d'un chat.
Charles Pierre Pguy, n le 7 janvier 1873  Orlans (Loiret) et mort pour la France le premier jour de la premire bataille de l'Ourcq,  le 5 septembre 1914  Villeroy (Seine-et-Marne), est un crivain, pote, essayiste et officier de rserve franais.
Une hmorragie (du latin haemorrhagia) dsigne un saignement, un coulement de sang en dehors de l'espace vasculaire constitu par le cur, les vaisseaux sanguins (veines et artres) et la rate chez certaines espces.
La mythologie grco-romaine, ou mythologie classique, est la synthse de ce quont en commun la mythologie grecque et la mythologie romaine.
99 Luftballons (Neunundneunzig Luftballons, littralement 99 ballons de baudruche en allemand) est une chanson engage du groupe pop rock allemand Nena, interprte par la chanteuse ponyme, numro 1 des ventes en Allemagne de l'Ouest en 1983.
Est appele plante X toute plante hypothtique suppose se situer au-del de Neptune.
C'est l'un des deux seuls pays  dominante catholique en Asie (avec le Timor oriental) et l'un des plus occidentaliss.
Cynodontes Les cynodontes (Cynodontia) forment un sous-ordre et un clade de thrapsides euthriodontes qui apparaissent durant le Permien suprieur, vers 260millions d'annes avant notre re, et qui comprennent les mammifres (dont l'homme), leurs anctres et les groupes apparents aujourd'hui teints.
L'quipe d'Allemagne de football (en allemand: Deutsche Fuballnationalmannschaft) est constitue d'une slection des meilleurs joueurs allemands sous l'gide de la Fdration allemande de football (en allemand: Deutscher Fuball-Bund) (DFB).
Un chien guide d'aveugle est un chien d'assistance mis  la disposition d'un dficient visuel pour faciliter sa vie quotidienne, et notamment ses dplacements.
Sofiane Boufal (en arabe:  ), n le 17 septembre 1993  Paris, est un footballeur international marocain qui volue au poste d'ailier gauche ou de milieu offensif au sein du club d'Angers SCO.
Les oloducs taient ncessaires pour diminuer la dpendance  l'gard des navires ptroliers, qui pouvaient tre ralentis par mauvais temps, difficiles  dcharger en l'absence de ports, tre la cible des sous-marins allemands, ou tre plus utiles dans la guerre du Pacifique.
Une lampe  lave est un objet de design dcoratif invent en 1963 par Edward Craven Walker, fondateur de l'entreprise Britannique de luminaires Mathmos.
Une cigarette est un cylindre de papier, long de quelques centimtres, rempli d'un matriau combustible, le plus souvent des feuilles de tabac haches et traites, ainsi que des additifs.
Il se situe dans le nord-est du pays, le Nordeste, sur le littoral atlantique.
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood (ACB) est un jeu vido d'action-aventure dit et dvelopp par Ubisoft, sorti en novembre 2010.
Ce systme a t brevet en Angleterre en 1822 par Sampson Mordan et Gabriel Riddle,.
Les 101 Dalmatiens (One Hundred and One Dalmatians) est le 21e long-mtrage d'animation et le 17e Classique d'animation des studios Disney.
Elle comprend les saumons, les ombles, les ombres, les corgones et les truites, et tire son nom (ainsi que l'ordre des Salmoniformes) des saumons de l'Atlantique et des truites du genre Salmo.
Une symphonie est une composition instrumentale savante, de proportions gnralement vastes, comprenant plusieurs mouvements joints ou disjoints et faisant appel aux ressources de l'orchestre symphonique.
Un tendon relie donc un muscle  un os, tandis qu'un ligament relie deux os dans une articulation, comme les fameux ligaments croiss du genou.
Vaslav Nijinski (en russe:   , Vclav Fom Ninskij; en polonais: Wacaw Niyski), aussi retranscrit Vaclav Nijinsky ou Vatslav Nizhinski, n  Kiev probablement le 28 fvrier 1889 (12 mars 1889 dans le calendrier grgorien) et mort le 8 avril 1950  Londres, est un danseur et chorgraphe russe d'origine polonaise.
Thibaut Ier de Navarre, aussi connu sous le nom de Thibaut IV de Champagne, puis Thibaut le Chansonnier, n le 30 mai 1201  Troyes et mort le 14 juillet 1253  Pampelune, est comte de Champagne de 1201  1253 et roi de Navarre de 1234  1253.
L'glise du Temple-Neuf est une glise de culte protestant, rattache  lUnion des glises protestantes d'Alsace et de Lorraine (UEPAL), situe sur la Grande le de Strasbourg.
LopoldIer, connu auparavant sous le nom de Lopold Georges Chrtien Frdric de Saxe-Cobourg-Saalfeld, n le 16 dcembre 1790  Cobourg (en Saxe-Cobourg-Saalfeld) et mort le 10 dcembre 1865 au chteau de Laeken (en Belgique), est un prince allemand de la maison de Saxe-Cobourg et Gotha devenu le premier roi des Belges en 1831 et le fondateur de la dynastie rgnant sur la Belgique.
Au del de la trilogie originelle, d'autres jeux Halo ont vu le jour dans des genres diffrents, tels que Halo Wars, un jeu de stratgie produit et dvelopp par Ensemble Studios.
Une pice de thtre est une uvre destine  tre joue durant une reprsentation thtrale, la plupart du temps crite selon des rgles de la littrature dramatique.
NRJ 12, est une chane de tlvision gnraliste franaise commerciale prive appartenant  la socit NRJ Group cre le 31 mars 2005 sur la TNT.
La Vierge, l'Enfant Jsus et sainte Anne Sainte Anne, la Vierge et l'Enfant Jsus jouant avec un agneau, anciennement appel La Vierge, lEnfant Jsus et sainte Anne, est un tableau de Lonard de Vinci peint  l'huile sur un panneau de peuplier et conserv au muse du Louvre  Paris.
Le muse des Arts dcoratifs ( ne pas confondre avec Les Arts dcoratifs, qui est l'association chapeautant le muse, la bibliothque, etc.) est un muse parisien qui a pour objectif la valorisation des beaux-arts appliqus et le dveloppement de liens entre industrie et culture, cration et production.
La rapire est une pe longue et fine,  la garde labore,  la lame flexible, destine essentiellement aux coups d'estoc.
Le prpuce est le repli circulaire de peau mobile et coulissant qui couvre plus ou moins le gland du pnis  ltat de flaccidit, et qui se rtracte en rection.
Le vinaigre est une solution aqueuse  faible teneur d'acide actique, qui entre principalement dans l'alimentation humaine comme condiment et conservateur alimentaire.
galement prsente comme philanthrope, elle est l'pouse de Mark Zuckerberg, le fondateur, actionnaire majoritaire et prsident-directeur gnral (PDG) de Facebook.
Sa devise serait Partout o ncessit fait loi qui exprime l'impratif de la raison d'tat.
Chrimolier, Cherimoya Le chrimolier (Annona cherimola)  appel Cherimoya, Chirimoya, ou Churimoya en Amrique du Sud  est un arbre de la famille des Annonaceae donnant un fruit nomm la chrimole, dont le got est semblable  celui de la pomme cannelle, du cur de buf et du corossol, provenant tous d'arbres du genre Annona.
Hippocampus erectus, communment appel Hippocampe mouchet ou Hippocampe ray, est une espce d'hippocampes.
La cathdrale Santa Maria Assunta (cathdrale Notre-Dame-de-l'Assomption de Sienne), appele couramment Duomo di Siena, est la cathdrale de Sienne, en Toscane (Italie).
Les phlides, ou taches de rousseur, sont de petites macules pigmentes, photodistribues, apparaissant dans lenfance sous leffet de lexposition au soleil, plutt chez les sujets de phototype clair, en particulier les roux.
Le stade Roland-Garros est un stade de tennis  construit en 1927 et situ  louest de Paris au niveau de la porte d'Auteuil, en lisire du bois de Boulogne.
Selon les versions, il peut lancer de 9     20tonnes en orbite basse et de 4     8tonnes en orbite de transfert gostationnaire.
Cypripedium calceolus Le sabot de Vnus, ou sabot de Vnus d'Europe (Cypripedium calceolus), est une espce de plante herbace vivace de la famille des Orchidaces (sous-famille des Cypripedioideae) qui se rencontre sur des sols alcalins.
Un parlement est, sous l'Ancien Rgime dans le royaume de France, une cour de justice d'appel, dite aussi improprement cour souveraine, puis cour suprieure  partir de 1661, qui rend la justice au nom du roi, dans un territoire dlimit.
Une chambre forte est une pice hautement scurise conue pour protger des biens de valeur ou des personnes contre le vol, l'attaque, l'effraction, l'intrusion, ou toute autre forme de danger extrieur.
Nanmoins, certaines maladies  forte prvalence mais pour lesquelles il n'existe pas de traitement, comme la maladie d'Alzheimer ou l'hmochromatose, sont orphelines sans tre rares.
Le bromure de potassium  est un sel largement utilis comme antispasmodique et sdatif.
La Coupe du monde de football 1958 s'est tenue en Sude du 8 juin au 29 juin 1958.
Tumblr est une plate-forme de microblogage cre en 2007 et permettant  l'utilisateur de poster du texte, des images, des vidos, des liens et des sons sur son tumblelog.
Astrid Lindgren, ne Ericsson le 14 novembre 1907  Vimmerby en Sude et morte le 28 janvier 2002  Stockholm, est une romancire sudoise, auteure d'ouvrages pour enfants et scnariste.
Le glockenspiel (prononc [glknpil] en franais) est un instrument de musique  percussion de la famille des idiophones, compos de lames de mtal mises en vibration  l'aide de baguettes.
Xiamen (chinois simplifi: ; pinyin: ximn; litt. porte du manoir) est une ville de la province du Fujian, dans le sud-est de la Chine.
Abomey est une ville et une commune du sud de la Rpublique du Bnin, situe  145km de Cotonou, qui est la prfecture du dpartement du Zou, dont elle est le chef-lieu.
Jean Bouin, n Alexandre Franois tienne Jean Bouin le 21 dcembre 1888  Marseille et mort pour la France le 29 septembre 1914  Xivray dans la Meuse, est un athlte franais spcialiste de la course de fond.
Jacques Necker  l'poque prononc [nek] et non [ne.ke] n le 28 septembre 1732  Genve en rpublique de Genve et mort le 9 avril 1804  Coppet en Suisse, est un financier et homme politique genevois, ministre des Finances de Louis XVI.
Brenton Tarrant, n le 27 octobre 1990  Grafton (Nouvelle-Galles du Sud), est un terroriste australien d'extrme droite ayant commis les Attentats de Christchurch contre deux mosques en Nouvelle-Zlande le 15 mars 2019, faisant 51 morts.
On appelle viennoiseries les produits de boulangerie dont la technique de fabrication se rapproche de celle du pain ou de la pte feuillete, mais auxquels leurs ingrdients donnent un caractre plus gras et plus sucr qui les rapproche de la ptisserie (ufs, beurre, lait, crme, sucre, etc.); les ptes sont leves ou feuilletes.
La libert de culte, libert de religion ou libert de croyance est le droit subjectif fondamental des personnes de choisir et de pratiquer une religion donne ou aucune.
Il existe diffrents types de points de vente du livre: librairies de livres neufs (gnralistes ou spcialises), librairies de livres anciens et d'occasion, maisons de la presse, librairies-papeteries, librairies ambulantes, grandes surfaces, librairies numriques.
Internet Explorer[a], parfois abrg IE[b], est un ancien navigateur web dvelopp par la socit amricaine Microsoft et install par dfaut avec Windows.
Il en rsulte une induration douloureuse du derme cause par une accumulation de pus et de tissus morts.
Le chteau de Rambouillet, ancienne rsidence royale, impriale et prsidentielle, est situ  Rambouillet, chef-lieu d'arrondissement du sud des Yvelines en France dans un parc de 980 hectares au sein de la fort de Rambouillet.
La messe est une crmonie chrtienne au cours de laquelle le ou les prtres officiants clbrent lEucharistie, actualisation du sacrifice rdempteur de Jsus-Christ.
Le march aux poissons de Tsukiji (, Tsukiji ichiba/ Tsukiji shij?) tait le principal march aux poissons de la mtropole de Tokyo et le plus grand march de gros du monde pour les poissons et fruits de mer.
Soyouz 1 constitue le tout premier vol du programme spatial sovitique Soyouz (en russe , Union).
Ses deux chambres sont le Snat (United States Senate), la chambre haute compose de 100snateurs (deux par tat), et la Chambre des reprsentants (United States House of Representatives), la chambre basse compose de 435reprsentants.
James David Rodrguez Rubio, dit James Rodrguez ou simplement James, n le 12 juillet 1991  Ccuta (Colombie), est un footballeur international colombien qui volue au poste de milieu offensif  l'Olympiakos.
Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS est sorti en septembre 2014 au Japon et en octobre 2014 en Amrique du Nord, en Europe et en Australie, tandis que Super Smash Bros. for Wii U est sorti en novembre 2014 en Amrique du Nord, en Europe et en Australie et en dcembre 2014 au Japon.
Un pont-levis est un type de pont mobile dfensif qui se baisse et se lve pour ouvrir ou fermer le passage au-dessus d'un foss encerclant un ouvrage fortifi.
La Confdration franaise de l'encadrement - Confdration gnrale des cadres (CFE-CGC) est un syndicat franais de salaris fond le 15 octobre 1944 sous le nom de Confdration gnrale des cadres (CGC), qui prsente la caractristique de dfendre les intrts d'une catgorie professionnelle spcifique, l'encadrement.
Criquetot-l'Esneval est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de la Seine-Maritime en rgion Normandie.
Columbia est la capitale et la plus grande ville de l'tat de Caroline du Sud, aux tats-Unis.
Tobago (Tabago en franais jusqu' la fin du XIXesicle) est une le des Petites Antilles et une rgion de la rpublique de Trinit-et-Tobago.
Le cow-boy ou cowboy (pron. [kab], de l'anglais cow, vache, et boy, garon), qui signifie vacher ou bouvier en franais, est un garon de ferme s'occupant du btail bovin dans les pays anglo-saxons de grands espaces comme le Far West amricain et l'Outback australien.
Sousse (arabe: , Ssa, /sus/ couter) est une ville portuaire de l'Est de la Tunisie, situe  143 kilomtres au sud de Tunis, et ouverte sur le golfe d'Hammamet (mer Mditerrane).
Montbard est une commune franaise d'environ 5000habitants, chef-lieu d'arrondissement, sous-prfecture du dpartement de la Cte-d'Or en rgion Bourgogne-Franche-Comt.
Naveen Andrews est un comdien britannique, d'origine indienne, n  Lambeth (Grand Londres) en Angleterre le 17 janvier 1969.
Vole par les Allemands en 1941, elle est considre comme perdue depuis la fin de la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Un martinet est un gros marteau  bascule, longtemps m par l'nergie hydraulique d'un moulin  eau, et utilis depuis le Moyen ge pour des productions industrielles diverses comme la fabrication du papier, du tan, du foulon, du chanvre, le forgeage du fer, le battage du cuivre.
La Tchcoslovaquie s'est constitue  partir de l'ancien Empire austro-hongrois (1867-1918): elle runissait les tats actuels de Tchquie et de Slovaquie ainsi que, de 1919  1938, la Ruthnie subcarpathique (aujourd'hui ukrainienne); la Tchquie est elle-mme constitue de la Bohme, de la Moravie et de la Silsie tchque.
La biosphre est l'ensemble des organismes vivants et leurs milieux de vie, donc la totalit des cosystmes prsents que ce soit dans la lithosphre, l'hydrosphre et l'atmosphre.
Une pile lectrique, couramment dnomme pile, est un dispositif lectrochimique qui produit de l'lectricit en convertissant de l'nergie chimique en nergie lectrique grce  une raction d'oxydorduction.
Tachymarptis melba Le Martinet  ventre blanc (Tachymarptis melba), ou Martinet alpin, est une espce d'oiseaux de la famille des Apodidae.
Pierre et le Loup (Ptia i volk, en russe:   ) opus 67, est un conte symphonique didactique pdagogique allgorique pour enfants, de 1936, de l'auteur-compositeur-interprte russe Sergue Prokofiev (1891-1953).
Il se situe au 25erang des sites les plus visits dans le monde.
Le squelette (du grec skelets, dessch) est une charpente animale rigide servant de support pour les muscles et les organes.
Le texte est constitu d'une lettre attribue  l'aptre Paul et adresse  l'glise d'phse (situe dans l'actuelle Turquie).
Ashley Benson, ne le 18 dcembre 1989  Anaheim en Californie, est une actrice amricaine connue pour avoir interprt le rle d'Hanna Marin dans la srie tlvise Pretty Little Liars.
La Coupe du monde de football 2014 est la 20edition de la Coupe du monde de football, comptition organise par la FIFA et qui runit les trente-deux meilleures slections nationales de football.
Sony's Spider-Man Universe (anciennement Sony Pictures Universe of Marvel Characters) est une franchise mdiatique et un univers partag, centr sur une srie de films de super-hros produits par Columbia Pictures en association avec Marvel Entertainment.
Lampre (symbole A) est l'unit de mesure du Systme international d'units de l'intensit du courant lectrique.
Philippe Leclerc de Hauteclocque, plus connu comme le gnral Leclerc ou marchal Leclerc, n Philippe de Hauteclocque le 22 novembre 1902  Belloy-Saint-Lonard (Somme) et mort dans un accident d'avion le 28 novembre 1947 prs de Colomb-Bchar (Algrie franaise), est un militaire franais, l'un des principaux chefs militaires de la France libre durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Le flan est une spcialit culinaire cuite, de forme ronde comme son nom l'indique, de texture solide, tremblante, lisse et tendre, ayant pour base des ufs battus dans du lait ou de la crme de lait.
Jeanne d'vreux, ne vers 1310 et morte le 4 mars 1371  Brie-Comte-Robert, est reine de France et de Navarre du 5 juillet 1324 au 1er fvrier 1328 en tant qu'pouse de Charles IV le Bel.
Alphonse Capone, (Alfonso Capone en italien) dit Al Capone, n  Brooklyn (New York) le 17 janvier 1899 et mort  Miami Beach (Floride) le 25 janvier 1947, est un des plus clbres gangsters amricains du XXesicle.
Kery James, de son vrai nom Alix Mathurin, est un rappeur franais, occasionnellement ralisateur, scnariste et acteur, n le 28 dcembre 1977 aux Abymes en Guadeloupe.
David John McDonald, connu sous le nom de David Tennant, est un acteur britannique, n le 18 avril 1971  Bathgate (cosse).
Son rgne a nanmoins t marqu par de nombreuses manifestations et troubles qui dbouchrent sur un sige de 49 jours(en)  l'issue duquel Othman fut assassin, jetant ainsi les prmices de la premire fitna.
La pression atmosphrique est la pression qu'exerce le mlange gazeux constituant l'atmosphre considre (sur Terre: de l'air) sur une surface quelconque en contact avec elle.
Il s'agit de la premire plante dcouverte par le tlescope spatial Kepler dans la zone habitable d'une naine jaune, annonce faite par la NASA le 5 dcembre 20, lors d'une confrence de presse annonce quelques jours auparavant.
Pokmon Masters EX, ou anciennement Pokmon Masters est un jeu vido mobile dvelopp et dit par DeNA en partenariat avec The Pokmon Company,,.
Le rock indpendant, souvent abrg en rock ind ou indie rock, est une classification musicale apparue  la fin des annes 1970 au Royaume-Uni comme rsultat du bouleversement occasionn par l'mergence du mouvement punk.
Le Loup du Canada (Canis lupus occidentalis) est une sous-espce du loup gris dont l'aire de rpartition couvre l'ouest du Canada et l'Alaska.
Zta ou dzta (capitale , minuscule ; en grec ) est la 6e lettre de l'alphabet grec, prcde par epsilon et suivie par ta.
Un psychiatre est un mdecin spcialis en sant mentale, exerant la psychiatrie.
Dans le domaine de l'nergie, la biomasse est la matire organique d'origine vgtale (microalgues incluses), animale, bactrienne ou fongique (champignons), utilisable comme source d'nergie (bionergie).
L'historiographie dsigne gnralement lhistoire de la science historique, c'est--dire l'tude de la faon d'crire l'histoire mais peut aussi, selon l'approche choisie, dsigner les manires dcrire lhistoire, lart de lhistoire ou encore l'ensemble des publications traitant du pass et crites par les historiens.
Lublin (prononc en polonais:/lub.lin/ couter) est une ville de Pologne, chef-lieu de la vovodie de Lublin.
L'autoroute A26 (aussi appele l'autoroute des Anglais) est une autoroute qui part de Calais, passe  proximit d'Arras, de Cambrai et de Reims et se termine au sud-est de Troyes  son embranchement avec l'A5.
Une torche est un instrument qui se prsente sous la forme dun bton que lon enflamme  une extrmit pour pouvoir clairer.
Jean Simon Chardin,, n le 2 novembre 1699  Paris, mort dans la mme ville le 6 dcembre 1779, est considr comme l'un des plus grands peintres franais et europens du XVIIIesicle.
Leptinotarsa decemlineata Le Doryphore (Leptinotarsa decemlineata), ou  Doryphore de la pomme de terre, est une espce d'insectes de l'ordre des coloptres et de la famille des chrysomlids aux lytres jaunes rays de noir.
Brice Conrad, n le 18 juillet 1985  Pfulgriesheim (Bas-Rhin), est un auteur-compositeur-interprte franais, .
L'adaptation en anime se divise en deux parties distinctes: Dragon Ball s'intresse  la jeunesse du personnage principal tandis que Dragon Ball Z relate ses aventures lorsqu'il atteint l'ge adulte.
Wikipdia existe en plus de 300 langues, dans une apparence unie, mais avec de grandes variations de contenus.
Eudes d'Orlans, n le 18 mars 1968  Paris, est un membre de la maison d'Orlans qui porte le titre de courtoisie de duc d'Angoulme.
Nanmoins, il ne faut pas confondre le galique cossais avec le scots, langue germanique, forme  partir du vieil anglais parl en Northumbrie.
CSPro, abrviation deCensus and Survey Processing System est un ensemble logiciel comprenant compilateur et diffrents outils spcialiss dans le dveloppement dapplications  de collecte, visualisation, traitement et analyse de donnes.
Universal Monsters ou Universal Horror est le nom donn  une srie de films d'horreur, de suspense et de science-fiction, tous produits par la socit de production cinmatographique amricaine Universal Pictures entre 1923 et 1960.
Un changeur autoroutier est un systme de bretelles routires permettant de basculer, soit d'un type de rseau routier  un autre (d'une route ordinaire ou une voie rapide  une autoroute), soit de passer d'une autoroute  une autre.
L'histoire complexe et prestigieuse de Trieste, qui fut longtemps le principal dbouch mditerranen du Saint-Empire romain germanique puis le seul dbouch maritime de l'empire austro-hongrois avant son rattachement  l'Italie, et sa position au carrefour des trois mondes latin/italien, germanique/autrichien et slave/slovne, ont forg ici une culture et des traditions trs particulires par rapport au reste de l'Italie.
La lpre /lp/ (ou maladie de Hansen) est une maladie infectieuse chronique due  Mycobacterium leprae, une bactrie proche de l'agent responsable de la tuberculose, identifie par le Norvgien Gerhard Armauer Hansen en 1873.
La priode de rvolution, aussi appele priode orbitale, est la dure mise par un astre pour accomplir une rvolution complte autour dun autre astre (par exemple une plante autour du Soleil ou un satellite autour dune plante).
Le mont Palatin (Mons Palatium en latin, Monte Palatino en italien) est une des sept collines de Rome.
Un banc est un groupement important de poissons de la mme espce qui se dplacent ensemble, sans hirarchie.
Un satellite de reconnaissance, ou satellite espion (en langage populaire), est un satellite artificiel utilis pour des applications militaires ou de renseignement.
Progressistes (en portugais: Progressistas) anciennement Parti progressiste brsilien (PPB) puis Parti progressiste (PP) est un parti politique brsilien de droite, conservateur et libral, fond en 1995.
Le pop rock est un genre musical mlant le style pop et ses paroles lgres  des chansons rock typiquement bases sur la guitare.
Spider-Man est depuis lors l'un des personnages les plus populaires de l'univers des comics.
Panurus biarmicus La Panure  moustaches (Panurus biarmicus), anciennement appele msange  moustaches, est une espce de passereaux d'Europe, l'unique reprsentante du genre Panurus et de la famille des Panuridae.
Monsieur Wens, surnom de Wenceslas Vorobetchik, est un personnage de roman policier cr par l'crivain belge Stanislas-Andr Steeman en 1930.
Ils permettent aux enfants de s'amuser en faisant des chteaux de sable avec des seaux, en utilisant des outils comme rteaux et pelles, ou encore en apprenant  manipuler le sable.
Saint-Ignace-de-Loyola est une municipalit du Qubec (Canada), situe dans la MRC de D'Autray, dans la rgion administrative de Lanaudire.
Le hanafisme ou hanfisme (en arabe: , anaf, Hanefi en turc) est la plus ancienne des quatre coles religieuses islamiques sunnites  (madhhab) de droit musulman et de jurisprudence (fiqh).
Le parc national des Cvennes est un parc national franais cr le 2 septembre 1970, couvrant la rgion naturelle des Cvennes et situ principalement dans les dpartements de la Lozre, du Gard et de l'Ardche.
Quand il y a transformation, le lait majoritairement mis en uvre est le lait de vache, mais on utilise galement le lait cru de chvre, de brebis, de chamelle, de yak, de bufflonne...
Age of Empires est une srie de jeux de stratgie en temps rel dvelopps par Ensemble Studios et publis par Microsoft Studios.
Antigone est une pice en un acte de Jean Anouilh reprsente pour la premire fois au thtre de l'Atelier  Paris le 4 fvrier 1944, durant l'Occupation allemande, dans une mise en scne, des dcors et des costumes d'Andr Barsacq.
Dortmund (/dtmnt/ couter; en latin: Tremonia; en bas allemand: Drpm; en ancien franais: Trmoigne) est une ville allemande situe dans le Land de Rhnanie-du-Nord-Westphalie  l'est du bassin de la Ruhr.
Jean de Lry, n en 1536  La Margelle, terre de Saint-Seine (actuellement la Cte-d'Or en France), mort vers 1613  L'Isle (Suisse)  lge de 77 ans, est un grand voyageur et crivain franais, auteur de lHistoire d'un voyage fait en la terre du Brsil.
En 1992, le trait de Maastricht prend la suite de lActe unique et institue une union politique qui prend le nom dUnion europenne et qui prvoit la cration d'une union conomique et montaire dote dune monnaie unique, leuro ().
Tout comme dans la srie de jeux vido, le but est de capturer des Pokmon.
Hala Salam, dite La Salam, est une journaliste et animatrice audiovisuelle libano-franaise, ne le 27 octobre 1979  Beyrouth (Liban).
D'une superficie de 47784km2, elle est la cinquime plus vaste des treize rgions de France mtropolitaine et rassemble huit dpartements: la Cte-d'Or, le Doubs, la Haute-Sane, le Jura, la Nivre, la Sane-et-Loire, le Territoire de Belfort et l'Yonne.
Le latin (en latin: Lingua Latna ou Latna Lingua) est une langue italique de la famille des langues indo-europennes, parle  l'origine par les Latins dans le Latium de la Rome antique.
Jurassic Park 3 ou Le Parc jurassique III au Qubec (Jurassic Park III) est un film amricain de science-fiction ralis par Joe Johnston, sorti en 2001.
Victor Robert Nataf, dit Victor Lanoux, est un acteur, producteur, scnariste et auteur de thtre franais, n le 18 juin 1936   Paris14e et mort le 4 mai 2017  Royan, commune de Vaux-sur-Mer.
Le mille marin, mille nautique, ou plus simplement nautique, (symbole MN ou NM  d'aprs l'anglais: nautical mile  ou M - sur les cartes marines franaises notamment; parfois abrg en nautique, Nq) est une unit de mesure de longueur utilise en navigation maritime et arienne, gale par convention  1852mtres[a],.
Windows Aero est l'interface graphique et le thme par dfaut dans la plupart des ditions de Windows Vista et Windows 7, des systmes d'exploitation dits par Microsoft.
Le Kin-Ball est un sport collectif cr au Qubec, dvelopp par la compagnie Omnikin, en 1987.
L'Arctique est la rgion entourant le ple Nord de la Terre,  lintrieur et aux abords du cercle polaire arctique.
La gologie est la science dont le principal objet d'tude est la Terre, et plus particulirement la lithosphre.
Un groupe musical, groupe de musique, ou plus simplement, un groupe, est un petit ensemble musical comprenant en gnral moins de dix musiciens, chanteurs ou instrumentistes.
En France, la dixime saison est diffuse du 7 mars 2016 au 28 juillet 2017 sur Nickelodeon France.
Le Yorkshire terrier, plus couramment appel York, est une race de chien de petite taille appartenant au groupe des terriers et originaire du comt anglais du mme nom.
Prg, en hittite Parcha ou Parha) est une cit antique, autrefois capitale de la Pamphylie, aujourd'hui situe en Turquie,  Aksu, 17 km  lest dAntalya.
Roseanne Park (nom coren: Park Chae-young, hangeul: ; RR: Bagchaeyeong), mieux connue sous son nom de scne Ros (hangeul: ), est une chanteuse corano-no-zlandaise ne le 11 fvrier 1997  Auckland en Nouvelle-Zlande.
Nicolas Penneteau est un footballeur franais, n le 28 fvrier 1981  Marseille en France.
Une enchre est une offre dun prix suprieur  la mise  prix, ou au prix quun autre a dj offert, en parlant des choses qui se vendent ou safferment au plus offrant.
La tour de Pise (en italien: torre di Pisa) est le campanile de la cathdrale Notre-Dame de lAssomption de Pise, en Toscane (Italie).
L'Organisation de l'arme secrte, ou Organisation arme secrte, surtout connue par le sigle OAS, est une organisation terroriste clandestine franaise proche de l'extrme droite cre le 11 fvrier 1961 pour la dfense de la prsence franaise en Algrie par tous les moyens, y compris le terrorisme  grande chelle.
En cologie, un cosystme est un ensemble form par une communaut d'tres vivants en interaction (biocnose) avec leur environnement (biotope).
Le dpartement du Jura (/y.a/[Note ) est un dpartement franais nomm d'aprs le massif du Jura, du gaulois juris qui signifie fort de montagne.
Une (toile) hypergante (c'est--dire une toile de classe de luminosit 0) est une toile de masse et de luminosit trs leves, qui possde un indice de perte de masse lev.
Un ogre (du latin orcus, enfer, fm. ogresse) est un personnage de contes et traditions populaires, sorte de gant se nourrissant de chair frache et dvorant les petits enfants.
Rafiq Hariri ou Rafic Hariri (en arabe:  ), n le 1er novembre 1944  Sada et mort assassin le 14 fvrier 2005  Beyrouth, est un homme d'affaires et homme d'tat libanais, prsident du Conseil des ministres  deux reprises.
Chris Rock est un humoriste, acteur, ralisateur et producteur amricain, n le 7 fvrier 1965  Andrews(en) (Caroline du Sud).
Le Mouvement de l'cole moderne est l'ensemble des enseignants qui suivent les impulsions pdagogiques et sociales de Clestin Freinet, de son pouse lise et de leurs continuateurs.
47 Tucanae (47 du Toucan en franais; 47 Tuc en abrg), aussi dsign NGC 104 ou Caldwell 106, est un amas globulaire appartenant  notre galaxie, la Voie lacte, et situ dans la constellation du Toucan.
Phdre est une tragdie en cinq actes et en vers de Jean Racine cre le 1er janvier 1677  Paris sous le titre Phdre et Hippolyte.
Don Juan Don Giovanni, K. 527 (titre complet: Il dissoluto punito ossia il Don Giovanni; titre franais: Don Juan), est un opra en deux actes et en langue italienne du genre dramma giocoso (drame joyeux) de Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, cr  Prague le 29 octobre 1787, sur un livret de Lorenzo da Ponte inspir du mythe de don Juan.
Depuis novembre 2012, il poste des vidos sur sa chane YouTube, oriente vers les jeux vido d'abord, avant de se diversifier et proposer des vlogs, ou encore des vidos humoristiques.
Grenoble (prononc /g.nbl/ couter; en francoprovenal: Grenoblo) est une commune du Sud-Est de la France, situe dans la rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes, chef-lieu du dpartement de l'Isre, ancienne capitale du Dauphin.
Vieux bastion industriel, la ville de Trenton est la capitale de ltat du New Jersey, aux tats-Unis.
Mercedes-Benz (prononc en allemand:/mtsedsbnts/) est une marque allemande d'automobiles (modles premium, de sport et de luxe), de camions, d'autocars et d'autobus indpendante fonde en 1926 par trois constructeurs: Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft, Mercedes et Benz &
Selon le magazine Forbes, elle devient en mars 2019,  21 ans, la plus jeune milliardaire de lhistoire, en excluant les hritiers, mme si ce titre lui est retir quelques mois plus tard.
Claude Ponticelli, dit Claude Ponti, n le 22 novembre 1948  Lunville, en Lorraine, est un auteur de littrature de jeunesse et illustrateur franais.
En mtallurgie, un alliage est un mlange de plusieurs lments chimiques, dont le principal constituant est un mtal, et dont les caractristiques sont celles d'un matriau mtallique[note  .
Un miracle est un fait extraordinaire, dpourvu d'explication scientifique, qui est alors vu comme surnaturel et attribu  une puissance divine.
Le plateau tibtain est un vaste ensemble de plateaux situ en Asie centrale, au nord de l'Himalaya, dont la majeure partie est situe en Rpublique populaire de Chine et quelques parties le sont en Birmanie, au Bhoutan, au Npal et en Inde.
Doctor Who (trad. litt.: Docteur Qui) est une srie tlvise britannique de science-fiction cre par Sydney Newman et Donald Wilson et diffuse depuis le 23 novembre 1963 sur BBC One.
Demain, ds laube,  lheure o blanchit la campagne, ou plus simplement Demain, ds laube, est lun des plus clbres pomes de Victor Hugo, publi en 1856 dans le recueil Les Contemplations.
C'est la seule autoroute franaise situe en dehors de la mtropole.
Un guichet automatique bancaire (GAB) en France, guichet automatique au Qubec, bancomat en Suisse et en Valle d'Aoste, Bancontact (ou MisterCash) en Belgique, gabier  la Runion est un appareil lectronique et lectromcanique permettant d'effectuer des transactions bancaires en libre-service.
Dans un systme informatique, un firmware (ou micrologiciel, microprogramme,, microcode, logiciel interne ou encore logiciel embarqu) est un programme intgr dans un matriel informatique (ordinateur, photocopieur, automate (API, APS), disque dur, routeur, appareil photo numrique, etc.) pour qu'il puisse fonctionner.
La mer Caspienne est une vaste tendue d'eau situe en Asie occidentale, principalement alimente par la Volga, issue de la fermeture dune mer ocanique ancienne, l'ocan ou mer Paratthys.
Joan-Enric Vives i Siclia (n le 24 juillet 1949  Barcelone) est un prlat et homme d'tat espagnol, archevque-vque d'Urgell et ex officio coprince d'Andorre depuis 2003.
Le Kuduro (graphie alternative de cu duro, littralement cul dur en franais) est un genre de musique et un genre de danse originaire de l'Angola.
En grammaire, le participe est un mode du verbe qui lui donne les caractristiques d'un adjectif.
Lonard est une srie tlvise d'animation 3D franaise en 78 pisodes de 8 minutes, adapte de la bande dessine homonyme de Bob de Groot et Turk et diffuse  partir du 25 dcembre 2009 sur Canal J puis rediffuse sur Gulli.
Le futurisme est un mouvement littraire et artistique europen du dbut du XXesicle (de 1910  1920), qui rejette la tradition esthtique et exalte le monde moderne, en particulier la civilisation urbaine, les machines et la vitesse.
Libadisme (arabe:  al-ibiyya) est une tendance de l'islam fonde moins de cinquante ans aprs la mort du prophte Mahomet.
Pieuvre veine, Pieuvre noix de coco Amphioctopus marginatus (syn. et ancien nom Octopus marginatus) est un poulpe vivant dans les eaux tropicales de la partie est du Pacifique.
Entre 1905 et 1909, il a produit onze prototypes dont le fameux Blriot XI avec lequel il est le premier  traverser la Manche en avion le 25 juillet 1909.
Men par les scientifiques britanniques, les socits ptrolires et les Combined Operations avec l'appui du Petroleum Warfare Department, le projet a t dvelopp par AC Hartley, ingnieur-chef de l'AIOC (Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, aujourd'hui connue sous le nom de British Petroleum Company).
Faenza est une ville d'environ 58000 habitants, situe dans la province de Ravenne en milie-Romagne, dans le nord-est de l'Italie.
Lingvaeonique est nomm daprs les Ingaevones, un groupe culturel germanique occidental ou une proto-tribu qui vivait le long de la cte de la mer du Nord.
La Haute-Loire (/ot().lwa/[Note ) est un dpartement franais situ en rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes, dans le sud-est du Massif central.
La ceinture de Kuiper (parfois appele ceinture d'Edgeworth-Kuiper, prononc en nerlandais: /kypr/) est une zone du Systme solaire s'tendant au-del de l'orbite de Neptune, entre 30 et 55 units astronomiques (ua).
Il fait suite au jeu Peggle sorti en 2007.
Bruce Springsteen, n le 23 septembre 1949  Long Branch (New Jersey), est un auteur-compositeur-interprte et guitariste amricain.
Edubuntu est un systme d'exploitation bas sur la distribution GNU/ Linux Ubuntu comprenant un ensemble de logiciels libres ddis  l'ducation.
Le West Highland White terrier, plus couramment appel Westie, est une race de chiens d'origine cossaise connue pour sa personnalit.
Franois Mitterrand [fswa mit][n  couter, n le 26 octobre 1916  Jarnac (Charente) et mort le 8 janvier 1996  Paris, est un homme d'tat franais, prsident de la Rpublique du 21 mai 1981 au 17 mai 1995.
Un htel est un tablissement commercial qui offre un service d'hbergement payant en chambres meubles  une clientle de passage.
Le glacier d'Aletsch est le plus grand glacier des Alpes, situ dans le sud de la Suisse dans le canton du Valais.
Albator (, Hrokku?, Harlock en version originale) est un personnage de fiction cr par Leiji Matsumoto en 1969 dans le manga Dai-kaizoku Harlock.
La fermentation lactique, ou lacto-fermentation, est un mode de fermentation (production  d'nergie anarobie) qui, en prsence de glucides et de bactries spcifiques (les ferments lactiques), induit la formation d'acide lactique.
LGBT, ou LGBTQIA+, sont des sigles utiliss pour qualifier les personnes lesbiennes, gays, bisexuelles, trans, queers, intersexes et asexuelles, c'est--dire pour dsigner des personnes non htrosexuelles, non cisgenres ou non dyadiques.
Luniversit Paris-Nanterre (anciennement Paris-X,) est une universit franaise multidisciplinaire, spcialise dans les sciences conomiques, les sciences humaines et sociales, le droit, les lettres, la psychologie et les sciences politiques.
Isabelle dOrlans  de son nom de naissance, Isabelle Franoise Hlne Marie dOrlans , qui a port successivement les titres de courtoisie par mariage de comtesse Bruno dHarcourt puis de princesse Pierre Murat,  est ne le 27 novembre 1900  Paris (dans le VIIIe arrondissement) et morte le 12 fvrier 1983,  Louveciennes (Yvelines).
Le prix Goncourt est un prix littraire franais rcompensant des auteurs d'expression franaise, cr par le testament d'Edmond de Goncourt en 1892.
Le Portugal fait bonne figure  domicile en parvenant en finale du tournoi, ceci malgr un dpart rat contre la Grce; les Portugais liminent la Russie, l'Espagne, l'Angleterre (aux tirs au but) et les Pays-Bas mais perdent la finale 1-0 contre la grande surprise du tournoi: la Grce qui aura cart coup sur coup la France et la Tchquie avant de battre, encore une fois et cette fois-ci en finale, le Portugal.
Une maladie chronique (du grec ancien: / krnos, temps) dsigne une maladie dont les effets persistent dans le temps, en gnral plus de trois mois.
La Momie (The Mummy) est un film amricano-sino-japonais ralis par Alex Kurtzman, sorti en 2017.
Dominique-Jean Larrey, baron Larrey et de l'Empire, est un mdecin et chirurgien militaire franais, pre de la mdecine d'urgence, n le 8 juillet 1766  Beaudan dans la province de Gascogne de l'Ancien rgime, actuellement dans les Hautes-Pyrnes et mort  Lyon le 25 juillet 1842.
Un cupcake (anglicisme), petit gteau ou gtelet (ou fairy cake, gteau de fe comme il est connu en Angleterre) est un petit gteau d'origine amricaine souvent trs color en portion individuelle, ayant la forme du muffin.
La naturalisation est lacquisition dune nationalit ou dune citoyennet par un individu qui ne la possde pas par sa naissance.
Giovanni Battista Draghi dit Pergolesi en italien, Jean-Baptiste Pergolse sous sa forme francise, n le 4 janvier 1710  Jesi, dans la province dAncne, dans les Marches italiennes alors partie des tats pontificaux et mort le 17 mars 1736  Pouzzoles prs de Naples, est un compositeur italien de la priode baroque, reprsentant important de l'cole napolitaine, principalement dans le domaine de l'opera buffa.
Black Lives Matter (/blk lavz mt/; BLM) qui se traduit par les vies noires comptent ou la vie des Noirs compte est un mouvement politique n en 2013 aux tats-Unis au sein de la communaut afro-amricaine, qui milite contre le racisme systmique envers les Noirs.
Elle a donn son nom  l'historique comt de Hainaut et plus rcemment  la province de Hainaut, une des dix provinces de Belgique.
Naver est galement constamment appel Google de la Core du Sud.
Le trait d'amiti franco-allemand (en allemand: deutsch-franzsischer Freundschaftsvertrag), dit trait de l'lyse (lyse-Vertrag), est un trait bilatral entre la Rpublique fdrale d'Allemagne et la Rpublique franaise sign au palais de l'lyse le 22 janvier 1963 par le chancelier allemand, Konrad Adenauer, et le prsident franais, Charles de Gaulle.
Le jeu d'checs, ou les checs, (prononc: /e.k/) est un jeu de socit (parfois considr comme un sport dans certains pays du monde, dont la France) opposant deux joueurs de part et d'autre d'un tablier appel chiquier compos de soixante-quatre cases, 32 claires et 32 sombres nommes les cases blanches et les cases noires.
Une chemine volcanique est un conduit ruptif cr par l'ascension des magmas d'une chambre magmatique jusqu' la surface d'un cratre volcanique et par lequel sont mis les produits volcaniques (gaz, laves et projections).
Nancy Patricia Pelosi, ne D'Alesandro, est une femme politique amricaine, ne le 26 mars 1940  Baltimore.
Le Livre de Jrmie ( Yirmyh) est un livre du Tanakh et de l'Ancien Testament, crit selon la tradition juive et chrtienne par le prophte Jrmie.
Power Rangers est une franchise de mdias amricaine fonde sur une quipe de super-hros.
Ils taient initialement cinq, avec Sman et Seymour Brussel qui quittent le groupe un peu plus d'un an aprs sa cration.
La Bohme (echy en tchque, Bhmen en allemand) est une rgion historique d'Europe centrale, actuellement l'une des composantes de la Tchquie avec la Moravie et une petite fraction de la Silsie.
Ce royaume disparat lors de la Rvolution franaise en 1792 avant de renatre brivement de 1814  1848.
Stefan Zweig (/t.fan tsvak/), n le 28 novembre 1881  Vienne en Autriche-Hongrie et mort le 22 fvrier   Petrpolis au Brsil, est un crivain, dramaturge, journaliste et biographe autrichien.
Il fut suivi par Windows Millennium (ME) pour le grand public et par Windows 2000 pour les entreprises.
La latitude est utilise en combinaison avec la longitude pour indiquer la position prcise d'un lment sur Terre.
La Bohme (echy en tchque, Bhmen en allemand) est une rgion historique d'Europe centrale, actuellement l'une des composantes de la Tchquie avec la Moravie et une petite fraction de la Silsie.
Rush Wars  est un jeu vido mobile de stratgie en temps rel massivement multijoueurs, dvelopp et dit par le studio finlandais Supercell.
Ignace de Loyola (Ignazio Loiolakoa en basque, igo Lpez de Loyola en espagnol), n en 1491[note   Loiola et mort le 31 juillet 1556  Rome, est un prtre et thologien basque-espagnol.
Certains ayatollahs portent des turbans noirs (surtout dans le monde arabe et persan) ou verts, ce qui indique leur position de sayyid, autrement dit de descendant de Mahomet via sa fille Fatima, pouse d'Ali, le premier Imam dans le chiisme duodcimain.
La fermentation lactique, ou lacto-fermentation, est un mode de fermentation (production  d'nergie anarobie) qui, en prsence de glucides et de bactries spcifiques (les ferments lactiques), induit la formation d'acide lactique.
Les brodeurs sur machine guide main peuvent, eux, broder avec plusieurs fils et pour des ouvrages de plus grande taille.
Taylor Alison Swift [tel lsn swft][Note , ne le 13 dcembre 1989  Reading, en Pennsylvanie, est une auteure-compositrice-interprte et actrice amricaine.
LouisIer dit le Pieux ou le Dbonnaire, n en 778  Cassinogilum (localisation incertaine, soit Casseuil prs de Bordeaux, Chasseneuil-du-Poitou dans la Vienne ou encore Casseneuil en Lot-et-Garonne) et mort le 20 juin 840  Ingelheim, prs de Mayence, est roi d'Aquitaine jusqu'en 814, puis empereur d'Occident de 814  sa mort en 840.
La tristesse est une douleur motionnelle associe, ou caractrise par des sentiments de dsavantages,  une perte, au dsespoir ou au chagrin.
Le Googleplex est le sige social de Google, situ au 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway  Mountain View, en Californie prs de San Jos.
Un barrage est un ouvrage d'art hydraulique construit en travers d'un cours d'eau et destin  en rguler le dbit et/ou  stocker de l'eau, notamment pour le contrle des crues, l'irrigation, l'industrie, l'hydrolectricit, la pisciculture et la retenue d'eau potable.
Franois Duvalier, surnomm Papa Doc, n  Port-au-Prince le 14 avril 1907 et mort dans la mme ville le 21 avril 1971, est un mdecin et homme politique hatien devenu prsident de la Rpublique d'Hati de 1957  1964, et prsident  vie de 1964  sa mort en 1971.
Jusquen 1964, c'est le pont suspendu le plus long du monde et il constitue au XXIesicle le monument le plus clbre de San Francisco.
Windows NT (New technology ou nouvelle technologie) dsigne la srie de systmes d'exploitation multitche premptif, multi-utilisateur, multiprocesseur, crs par Microsoft et ne reposant pas sur le systme historique MS-DOS de Microsoft, contrairement  Windows 1.0, 2, 3.x, 95, 98 et Me.
Le calmar colossal n'est pas un proche parent des calmars gants du genre Architeuthis.
L'glise Notre-Dame d'Estang est situe dans la commune franaise Estang, dans le Gers.
TlTOON+ (anciennement Tltoon, stylis TELETOON, TlTOON puis TlTOON+) est une chane de tlvision franaise, appartenant au Groupe Canal+ (anciennement TPS).
Bobo-Dioulasso est la capitale conomique du Burkina Faso et la deuxime ville en population aprs Ouagadougou.
LAllier (/a.lje/[Note ) est un dpartement franais situ dans la rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes.
La musique est de Bruno Coulais et les paroles de Christophe Barratier, ralisateur et coscnariste du film.
Le Chrysler Building (en franais la tour Chrysler) est un gratte-ciel de la ville de New York, aux tats-Unis.
Chimpanz commun, Chimpanz Le Chimpanz commun (Pan troglodytes) est une espce de singes appartenant  la famille des hominids.
En informatique, une application web (aussi appele web application, de l'anglais et franais) est une application manipulable directement en ligne grce  un navigateur web et qui ne ncessite donc pas d'installation sur les machines clientes, contrairement aux applications mobiles.
Autoportrait  l'oreille bande et  la pipe est une peinture  l'huile sur toile de l'artiste peintre nerlandais Vincent Van Gogh ralise  Arles en janvier 1889.
On appelle bronche un conduit qui apporte l'air riche en dioxygne depuis l'extrieur du corps dans les poumons.
Lentomophagie est la consommation d'insectes par l'tre humain,[Note .
La ville de Toulon est situe dans le Midi de la France dans le Sud-Ouest du dpartement du Var sur le littoral mditerranen,  mi-chemin entre Marseille,  l'ouest, et Saint-Tropez,  l'est.
Le traitement des eaux uses est lensemble des procds visant  dpolluer leau use avant son retour dans le milieu naturel ou sa rutilisation.
L'arbalte (du latin arcuballista) est une arme de trait, constitue d'un arc mont sur un ft et lanant des projectiles appels carreaux.
L'expression jour J (en anglais: D-Day), dj utilise par les militaires lors de la prparation des offensives de la fin de la Premire Guerre mondiale, dsigne actuellement le mardi 6 juin 1944, premier jour du dbarquement de Normandie, marquant le dbut de la bataille de Normandie lors de la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
La carte d'tat-major est une carte gnrale de la France ralise, dans sa premire version, au XIXesicle.
Mannheim (prononc: /manham/ couter) est une ville industrielle du Land du Bade-Wurtemberg, dans le sud-ouest de l'Allemagne.
Militant politique pour les droits civiques, et notamment ceux des Noirs amricains, il a t candidat, avec un programme trs progressiste,  l'investiture du Parti dmocrate pour les lections prsidentielles, en 1984 et en 1988.
Ravage par un tremblement de terre en 1960, la ville a t entirement reconstruite selon les normes parasismiques obligatoires.
Il est reconnu comme le prcurseur et l'inspirateur de la Convention des droits de l'enfant.
Tom Frager, n le 1er juillet 1977  Dakar au Sngal, est auteur-compositeur-interprte franais faisant partie du groupe Gwayav' et surfeur dix fois champion de surf en Guadeloupe.
La voiture sans conducteur de Google, souvent appele Google Car (en franais: voiture Google), est un dmonstrateur de voiture autonome en dveloppement en 2020 par Google X, filiale d'Alphabet.
Pour remplir cet objectif, l'agence spatiale amricaine, la NASA, dveloppe le vaisseau spatial Gemini biplace disposant de capacits de manuvre en orbite importantes et qui, pour la premire fois dans le monde de l'astronautique, met en uvre un ordinateur embarqu.
Un pied  coulisse, ou calibre  coulisse, est un instrument de mesure de longueur compos essentiellement de deux parties coulissantes l'une par rapport  l'autre, la partie mobile comportant le systme de mesure appel vernier.
Jodhpur (hindi:  [djodpour], ville de Jodha) est l'ancienne capitale du Mrvar et la deuxime ville de l'tat indien du Rajasthan en nombre d'habitants, aprs la capitale de ltat, Jaipur, dont elle est distante de 340km.
Le deutrium, not 2H ou D, est l'isotope de l'hydrogne dont le nombre de masse est gal  2: son noyau atomique, appel deuton ou deutron, compte 1proton et 1neutron avec un spin 1+ pour une masse atomique de 2,0141017778g/mol.
Les chambres de commerce et d'industrie (CCI) sont, en France comme dans d'autres pays, des organismes chargs de reprsenter les intrts des entreprises commerciales, industrielles et de services d'une zone gographique et de leur apporter certains services.
La Nouvelle-Zlande (en anglais: New Zealand; en maori: Aotearoa) est un pays insulaire d'Ocanie, situ dans le sud-ouest de l'ocan Pacifique.
Le Cantal (/k.tal/) est un dpartement franais faisant partie de la rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes.
Valentin Brunel, dit Kungs (prononc:[kuz]), est un disc jockey, auteur-compositeur et musicien franais, n le 17 dcembre 1996  Toulon.
Le screamo dfinit de nombreux sous-genres dont le crunkcore, un style de crunk utilisant les techniques vocales du screamo; le screamo est influenc par le grindcore; le Nintendocore s'inspire du screamo; et l'emoviolence, qui mlange screamo et powerviolence.
Dans l'histoire, la Panthre rose est le nom d'un bijou, objet de l'enqute de l'inspecteur parisien Jacques Clouseau: le gnrique du film la met cependant en scne sous la forme d'un flin rose en dessin anim.
Philippe Soupault, n le 2 aot 1897  Chaville et mort le 12 mars 1990  Paris XVIe, est un crivain, pote et journaliste franais, cofondateur du surralisme.
L'immigration clandestine, l'immigration illgale, ou parfois immigration irrgulire est l'entre illgale, illicite, ou discrte sur un territoire national d'trangers n'ayant pas ralis les formalits attendues.
Une caravane est un convoi de marchandises ou groupe de personnes voyageant ensemble, essentiellement dans le cadre d'une expdition commerciale.
Le canal de Panama (espagnol: canal de Panam) est un canal maritime de 80km de long, qui traverse listhme de Panama en Amrique centrale, reliant locan Pacifique et locan Atlantique.
Le palais du Parlement de Bretagne, souvent appel simplement le Parlement de Bretagne, est un btiment d'architecture classique construit au XVIIesicle, situ  Rennes, en Ille-et-Vilaine, et qui fut le sige du Parlement de Bretagne de sa construction jusqu sa dissolution par la Rvolution franaise en fvrier 1790, en dehors de son exil  Vannes de 1675  1689.
Le drapeau de la France, drapeau tricolore bleu, blanc, rouge, galement appel drapeau tricolore, ou simplement drapeau franais, est lemblme et le drapeau national de la Rpublique franaise.
Le shogunat Tokugawa (, Tokugawa bakufu?) est une dynastie de shoguns qui dirigrent le Japon de 1603  1869[Lien  corriger]
Magdebourg, en allemand Magdeburg, est une ville d'Allemagne orientale, capitale du Land de Saxe-Anhalt, sur les rives de l'Elbe.
Ce volcan bouclier s'est construit au pied du Mauna Loa voisin et culmine  1246,2mtres d'altitude, ce qui en fait l'un des plus imposants du monde si on tient compte de l'empilement total de ses coules de lave.
Avengers ou Les Avengers: Le film au Qubec et au Nouveau-Brunswick (Marvel's The Avengers) est un film de super-hros amricain cocrit et ralis par Joss Whedon, sorti en 2012.
Caenorhabditis elegans (C. elegans en abrg) est un petit ver d'un millimtre environ, transparent et non parasitaire.
Le coren est une langue parle en Core, dans les districts frontaliers de la Rpublique populaire de Chine (Yanbian) et dans les communauts migres (notamment au Japon, en Chine (Pkin, Shandong), en Russie, en Australie, aux tats-Unis, en France, etc.), et est la langue officielle de la Core du Nord et de la Core du Sud.
CoRoT-9 b est une exoplante en orbite autour de l'toile CoRoT-9, situe dans la constellation du Serpent,  1500annes-lumire du systme solaire.
Super Mario Kart (, Sp Mario Kto?) est un jeu vido dvelopp par Nintendo EAD et dit par Nintendo, sorti en 1992 sur Super Nintendo.
Cassiope est une des 88constellations du ciel, visible dans l'hmisphre nord.
Filosofem (norvgien pour "philosophme") est le quatrime album du one man band Burzum, le dernier avant l'emprisonnement de son unique membre Varg Vikernes, et aussi le dernier de black metal jusqu' la libration de ce dernier, les productions enregistres en prison tant du dark ambient.
La banquise saisonnire (appele aussi banquise annuelle ou hivernale) a moins d'un an: elle se forme durant l'hiver polaire, lorsque la temprature de l'eau de mer descend en dessous de 1,8C ou lorsque la temprature de l'eau douce descend sous 0C; au cur de l'hiver, l'paisseur des glaces peut atteindre un  deux mtres, compte non tenu de la neige qui s'y accumule.
Pygoscelis adeliae Le Manchot Adlie (Pygoscelis adeliae) est une espce d'oiseaux Sphenisciformes vivant en Antarctique.
La Gloire de mon pre est le premier tome des Souvenirs d'enfance, un roman autobiographique de Marcel Pagnol, paru en 1957.
Koba LaD, de son vrai nom Marcel Junior Loutarila, est un rappeur franais d'origine congolaise n le 3 avril 2000  Saint-Denis en Seine-Saint-Denis.
Musulman sunnite, il fait fortune en Arabie saoudite, pays dont il possde la nationalit, avant de diriger cinq gouvernements au Liban entre 1992 et 2004, notamment de 1992  1998 puis de 2000  2004.
Lopration Barbarossa (en allemand: Unternehmen Barbarossa), nomme en rfrence  l'empereur Frdric Barberousse, est le nom de code dsignant l'invasion par le IIIe Reich de l'Union sovitique pendant la Seconde Guerre mondiale,  partir du 22 juin 1941, et le dbut du front de l'Est qui sera le plus grand thtre d'oprations de la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Jean-Baptiste Klber, n le 9 mars 1753  Strasbourg et assassin le 14 juin 1800 au Caire en gypte, est un gnral franais qui s'est illustr lors des guerres de la Rvolution franaise, notamment lors de la guerre de Vende et la campagne d'gypte.
Le tournoi fait partie de la catgorie des tournois du Grand Chelem au nombre de quatre: l'Open d'Australie, les Internationaux de France de tennis (Roland-Garros), Wimbledon et l'US Open de tennis.
Porto Velho est la capitale de l'tat brsilien du Rondnia, dans la partie haute du bassin de l'Amazone.
La tradition chrtienne attribue sa rdaction  Marc, identifi au Marc compagnon de Paul puis de Pierre, personnage mentionn par le Nouveau Testament, spcialement les Actes des Aptres et les ptres de Paul et de Pierre.
En 1924, Andr Breton le dfinit dans le premier Manifeste du surralisme comme un automatisme psychique pur, par lequel on se propose d'exprimer, soit verbalement, soit par crit, soit de toute autre manire, le fonctionnement rel de la pense.
Le Federal Bureau of Investigation (qui est littralement traduit par Bureau fdral d'enqute), ou trs couramment nomm par son sigle FBI (/ef 'bi ai/)[a], est, aux tats-Unis, le principal service fdral de police judiciaire et un service de renseignement intrieur.
Hendrik Antoon Lorentz, n le 18 juillet 1853  Arnhem (Pays-Bas) et mort le 4 fvrier 1928  Haarlem (Pays-Bas), est un physicien nerlandais qui s'est illustr par ses travaux thoriques sur la nature de la lumire et la constitution de la matire.
Revendiquant la fonction particulire de dtective priv consultant, il est dot d'une mmoire remarquable pour tout ce qui peut l'aider  rsoudre des crimes en gnral, ainsi que d'une capacit de dduction hors du commun.
Le club connat son heure de gloire au dbut des annes 1980, quand Alex Ferguson mne le club  un tripl historique en Coupe d'Europe des vainqueurs de coupe, Supercoupe de l'UEFA et Coupe d'cosse en 1983, puis au doubl Coupe-championnat l'anne suivante.
Ypres (nerlandais: Ieper, allemand: Ypern) est une ville de Belgique situe en Rgion flamande, chef-lieu d'arrondissement en province de Flandre-Occidentale.
L'aspartame a un pouvoir sucrant environ 200 fois suprieur  celui du saccharose et est utilis pour dulcorer les boissons et aliments  faible apport calorique ainsi que les mdicaments.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, ne le 29 octobre 1938  Monrovia (Liberia), est une femme d'tat librienne, prsidente de la Rpublique du 16 janvier 2006 au 22 janvier 2018.
La comtesse de Sgur, ou Sophie Rostopchine[note  et selon l'onomastique russe Sofia Fiodorovna Rostoptchina[note , est une femme de lettres franaise d'origine russe ne le 1er aot 1799 (calendrier grgorien)  Saint-Ptersbourg et morte le 9 fvrier 1874  Paris.
Les Banu Hilal, Hilalites ou Hilaliens (en arabe:  ) taient une confdration de tribus d'Arabie des rgions de Hejaz et Najd ayant migr en Afrique du Nord entre la fin du Xe au XIIIesicle.
L'estomac (en grec ancien ) (aussi appel poche stomacale) est la portion du tube digestif en forme de poche, situe entre lsophage et le duodnum.
Kingdom Hearts ( , Kingudamu Htsu?) est une srie de jeux vido d'action-RPG dveloppe et dite par Square Enix, qui marque l'association entre Disney Interactive Studios et l'univers des jeux de Square sous la direction de Tetsuya Nomura.
C'est un projet issu de la Fondation Ubuntu utilisant l'environnement de bureau graphique Xfce  la place de Gnome 3 (et prcdemment Unity).Le projet Xubuntu est une distribution Linux drive de Ubuntu, car tous deux partagent exactement la mme base, des logiciels communs (Synaptic), les mmes dpts APT, le mme nom de code et le mme cycle de dveloppement.
Le double attentat du marathon de Boston est une attaque terroriste survenue le lundi 15 avril 2013  14h50 HAE (18h50 UTC)  Boston, dans le Massachusetts, aux tats-Unis lors de la 117edition du marathon de la ville, durant laquelle deux bombes ont explos.
La Catrina est un personnage populaire de la culture mexicaine; il s'agit d'un squelette fminin vtu de riches habits et portant gnralement un chapeau, elle est inspire de la Calavera garbancera dont on ne voit, sur l'illustration originale,  que le buste.
Al-Qada (arabe:  al-qida, littralement la base) est une organisation terroriste islamiste fonde en 1987 par le cheikh Abdullah Yusuf Azzam et son lve Oussama ben Laden.
Dlimit au nord et  l'est par l'Espagne puis au sud et  l'ouest par l'ocan Atlantique, il est le pays le plus occidental de l'Europe continentale.
Christopher Martin, plus connu sous le nom de Chris Martin est un auteur-compositeur-interprte et producteur anglais, n le 2 mars 1977  Exeter dans le Devon.
Un cauchemar est un rve causant une forte motion ngative, le plus communment de la peur ou de l'horreur, mais galement du dsespoir, de l'anxit ou une grande tristesse.
Le rugby  XIII, appel rugby league dans les pays anglophones, est un sport collectif opposant deux quipes de treize joueurs qui se disputent un ballon ovale dans un stade.
La vinification consiste  transformer le mot de raisin en un type prcis de vin dot de caractristiques organoleptiques spcifiques.
Christian Marie Dominique Libert Boltanski, n le 6 septembre 1944  Paris7e et mort   Paris14e le 14 juillet 2021, est un artiste plasticien franais reconnu comme l'un des principaux artistes franais contemporains.
Les rochers Liancourt, galement appels Dokdo (/) en coren ou Takeshima () en japonais, sont un petit groupe d'lots situ en mer du Japon, contrls de facto par la Core du Sud mais revendiqus par le Japon.
Un roman de chevalerie est une uvre romanesque, le plus souvent en prose, inspire ou adapte des romans courtois et des chansons de geste en vers des XIe et XIIIesicles.
Le climat polaire est un type de climat caractris par des tempratures froides toute l'anne, sans chaleur estivale et avec des hivers glaciaux.
Plonvez-Porzay [ploneve pz] (en breton: Plonevez-Porzhe) est une commune situe dans la partie sud du dpartement du Finistre, dans la rgion Bretagne, en France.
Alix de Vergy (vers 1182, Reulle-Vergy  1251, Prenois), fille de Hugues de Vergy, seigneur de Vergy, et de Gillette de Trainel (ou Traynel), fut duchesse de Bourgogne en devenant la deuxime pouse du duc EudesIII.
La Haute Autorit de lutte contre les discriminations et pour l'galit, galement connue sous son acronyme Halde, est une autorit administrative indpendante franaise ayant exist de 200  2011.
Maribor (allemand: Marburg an der Drau), le chef-lieu de la Basse-Styrie (tajerska), est la seconde commune urbaine de Slovnie aprs la capitale Ljubljana.
Csar Manrique, n le 24 avril 1919  Arrecife et mort le 25 septembre 1992 ( 73ans)  Tahiche, est un peintre, architecte et sculpteur espagnol, dfenseur de la nature de son le natale, Lanzarote dans les les Canaries, qui a influenc l'image de l'le volcanique de manire dcisive.
Piero della Francesca, de son nom complet Piero di Benedetto de Franceschi ou encore Pietro Borghese, n entre 1412 et 1420  Borgo San Sepolcro (aujourd'hui Sansepolcro) dans la haute valle du Tibre en rpublique de Florence et mort dans la mme ville le 12 octobre 1492, est un artiste peintre et un mathmaticien florentin du Quattrocento (XVesicle italien).
Le virus Zika est l'agent infectieux  l'origine, chez l'homme, de l'infection  virus Zika.
Il pouse alors Marie et, acceptant l'enfant, devient le pre nourricier de Jsus, qui, de ce fait, appartient  sa ligne, celle de David.
Vnus est la deuxime plante du Systme solaire par ordre d'loignement au Soleil, et la sixime plus grosse aussi bien par la masse que le diamtre.
La cathdrale Saint-Maurice d'Angers, en France, est l'glise cathdrale du diocse d'Angers.
La nectarine (fruit de Prunus persica var. nucipersica) est une varit de pches (Prunus persica) issue d'une mutation naturelle.
Swinging London ou Swinging Sixties est une expression rendant compte de la vitalit culturelle de Londres dans les annes 1960, devenue une capitale de la culture pop et de la mode.
Artocarpus altilis L'arbre  pain (Artocarpus altilis) est un arbre de la famille des Moraces, originaire d'Ocanie, domestiqu dans cette rgion pour son fruit comestible et aujourd'hui largement rpandu sous les tropiques.
Une station spatiale est une installation en orbite ou dpose sur un astre, habite par un quipage humain pendant une priode prolonge, ne disposant pas de moyens de propulsion autonomes ou ne disposant que de moyens de propulsion rduits.
Un pont  poutres est un pont dont le tablier est port par une ou plusieurs poutres en bois, en acier, en bton arm ou prcontraint.
Canon Inc. (, Kyanon kabushiki gaisha?, TSE: 7751, NYSE: CAJ) est une entreprise japonaise base  Tokyo spcialise dans les produits optiques, incluant appareils photo, photocopieurs et imprimantes.
Gerbillinae Les gerbilles (Gerbillinae) sont des mammifres qui forment une sous-famille de petits rongeurs de la famille des Murids.
Le chocolat est constitu du mlange, dans des proportions variables, de pte de cacao, de beurre de cacao et de sucre; auxquels sont ajoutes ventuellement des pices, comme la vanille, ou des matires grasses vgtales.
Les jeux sont des versions amliores de Pokmon Soleil et Lune, proposant de nouveaux lments de scnarios.
Au terme de sa maturation, entre 5 et 10 jours, le furoncle s'ouvre et limine le follicule pileux (bourbillon) formant une ulcration cratriforme.
Il est le premier mdecin  avoir introduit et tudi de faon scientifique le vaccin contre la variole, et est considr comme le pre de l'immunologie.
L'ultranationalisme (peut tre orthographi ultra-nationalisme et galement appel nationalisme extrme, nationalisme radical et nationalisme fanatique) est un nologisme pour dsigner une forme de nationalisme extrme et exacerb, jadis appele chauvinisme.
La dcentralisation consiste en un transfert de pouvoirs de l'tat vers des personnes morales de droit public distinctes de lui.
L'asile tant un lieu o une personne se sentant menace peut se mettre en scurit, le droit d'asile renvoie au fait que, dans diffrentes civilisations, les socits ont reconnu un droit  chaque tre humain de trouver refuge face  des menaces et des perscutions.
De faon analogue, les plantes cultives pour leur apport en protines sont appeles protagineux.
L'arithmancie ou arithmomancie est une technique de divination base sur les chiffres de 1  9.
L'actuel monarque est le roi Harald V, qui rgne depuis le 17 janvier 1991.
Cleveland (en anglais [klivlnd]) est une ville portuaire du Midwest des tats-Unis situe sur la rive sud du lac ri, dans l'tat de l'Ohio.
Ce genre, rpandu dans l'ocan Pacifique, comprend entre 3 et 6 espces selon les sources.
Les guerres d'Italie sont une suite de conflits (onze guerres) mens par les souverains franais en Italie  partir de la fin du XVesicle et au cours du XVIesicle pour faire valoir ce qu'ils estimaient tre leurs droits hrditaires sur le royaume de Naples, puis sur le duch de Milan.
Un dbris spatial, dans le domaine de l'astronautique, est un objet artificiel circulant sur une orbite terrestre, amen l dans le cadre d'une mission spatiale, et qui n'est pas ou plus utilis.
La Cinq, dite par la socit France ,,,, puis par la Socit d'exploitation de la 5e chaine,, (ou La Cinq S.A.), est la premire chane de tlvision gnraliste nationale commerciale prive et gratuite franaise diffuse du 20 fvrier  au 12 avril 1992[10].
Les Pur-sangs se sont exports dans de nombreux pays qui ont dvelopp une industrie des courses hippiques, principalement en Amrique du Nord ds 1730, puis en Australie, en France, en Italie, au Japon et en Amrique du Sud, au cours du XVIIIesicle.
Un rgiment est une unit militaire dont l'effectif moyen varie habituellement entre 1000 et 3500 soldats, commands par un officier suprieur du grade de colonel ou de lieutenant-colonel.
Google+ (prononc et parfois crit Google Plus, souvent abrg G+) est une ancienne application de rseau social de l'entreprise amricaine Google lance le 28 juin 2011, et dont la fermeture progressive a t annonce le 9 octobre 2018.
Cest ainsi que la ville shonore encore du titre de Marraine de lAmrique.
La plupart du temps, l'hydropisie en tant que maladie dsignait la cause principale d'dmes gnraliss,  savoir l'insuffisance cardiaque congestive; depuis, le terme s'applique surtout aux poissons d'aquariums ainsi qu'aux escargots.
C'est le Land allemand le plus peupl et dot du plus fort poids conomique, en partie grce au bassin industriel de la Ruhr.
L'ozone (de l'allemand Ozon, driv du grec oz exhaler une odeur), ou trioxygne, est une substance de formule chimique O3: ses molcules sont triatomiques, formes de trois atomes d'oxygne.
Le calendrier chinois tant un calendrier luni-solaire, la date du Nouvel An chinois dans le calendrier grgorien varie d'une anne sur l'autre, mais tombe toujours entre le 21 janvier et le 19 fvrier, lors de la deuxime nouvelle lune depuis le solstice d'hiver quand le soleil se trouve dans le signe du Verseau.
Oyonnax Rugby (connu jusqu'au 31 mai 2018 en tant qu'Union sportive Oyonnax rugby) est un club franais de rugby  XV fond en 1909, bas  Oyonnax dans le dpartement de l'Ain.
Freyja est une desse majeure dans la mythologie germanique et nordique qui est mentionne ou reprsente dans de nombreux contes.
Le brownie est un gteau au chocolat, fondant par endroits, cuit au four.
Red Notice ou  Notice rouge au Qubec, est une comdie d'action amricaine crite, coproduite et ralise par Rawson Marshall Thurber, sortie en 2021 sur Netflix.
Le tunnel sous la Manche (en anglais, The Channel Tunnel ou Chunnel[note ) est un tunnel ferroviaire majoritairement  sous-marin reliant Folkestone, dans le sud-est du Royaume-Uni (Kent, Angleterre) et Peuplingues, prs du terminal de Coquelles, dans le nord de la France (Pas-de-Calais, Hauts-de-France), et donc le rseau ferroviaire britannique aux rseaux franais et europen.
Caldas da Rainha est une ville et municipalit du Portugal du district de Leiria situe dans la sous-rgion de lOuest, dans la province de lEstremadura, et la rgion Centre.
Pouic-Pouic est un film franais ralis par Jean Girault, sorti en 1963, d'aprs la pice de thtre Sans crmonie de Jacques Vilfrid et Jean Girault, cre en 1952.
Le nom du fleuve provient de Henry Hudson, un Anglais naviguant pour le compte des Provinces-Unies et notamment de la Compagnie nerlandaise des Indes orientales (Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie, VOC), qui explora le fleuve en 1609.
Les nanosciences et nanotechnologies (daprs le grec , nain), ou NST, peuvent tre dfinies au minimum comme lensemble des tudes et des procds de fabrication et de manipulation de structures (physiques, chimiques ou biologiques), de dispositifs et de systmes matriels  lchelle du nanomtre (nm), qui est l'unit la plus proche de la distance entre deux atomes.
Sa capitale est La Havane, sa langue officielle l'espagnol et sa devise le peso cubain.
La peine de mort, ou peine capitale, est une peine prvue par la loi consistant  excuter une personne ayant t reconnue coupable d'une faute qualifie de crime capital.
Le sabotier est une personne qui est spcialise dans la fabrication des sabots.
Isabelle dOrlans  de son nom de naissance, Isabelle Marie Laure Victoire dOrlans , par son mariage, comtesse de Schnborn-Buchheim, est ne le 8 avril 1932 au Manoir dAnjou,  Woluwe-Saint-Pierre, en Belgique.
La livre sterling (en anglais: pound sterling), souvent abrge en livre (pound), est l'unit montaire officielle du Royaume-Uni, des dpendances de la Couronne britannique, et des territoires britanniques d'outre-mer.
Le kilogramme, dont le symbole est kg (en minuscules), est l'unit de base de masse dans le Systme international d'units (SI).
Robert Lewandowski (en polonais /rbrt lvandfski/  audio), n le 21 aot 1988  Varsovie en Pologne, est un footballeur international polonais voluant au poste d'attaquant au FC Barcelone et en slection polonaise.
La boxe anglaise, aussi appele le noble art, est un sport de combat dans lequel deux adversaires, de mme catgorie de poids et de mme sexe, se rencontrent sur un ring, munis de gants rembourrs afin de limiter le risque de coupure, et s'changent des coups de poing, ports au visage et au buste.
Le projet Teacher in Space (anglais: Teacher in Space Project, Enseignant dans l'espace) (TISP) est un ancien programme spatial de la National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
Le taekwondo se distingue des autres arts martiaux, surtout dans sa forme, par le haut degr de spcialisation de ses pratiquants en techniques de coups de pied bien plus que dans d'autres techniques, par les nombreuses protections utilises lors des comptitions de combat et par son inclusion au programme des Jeux olympiques d't depuis 2000.
SketchUp est un logiciel de modlisation 3D, d'animation et de cartographie orient vers l'architecture.
Spcialiste de la Russie sovitique, elle est en outre une pianiste accomplie.
Kenneth Loach dit Ken Loach [kn lt], n le 17 juin   Nuneaton (Warwickshire), est un ralisateur britannique de cinma et de tlvision.
Incorpor au sein de la Fdration internationale de bobsleigh et de tobogganing (FIBT)  la cration de celle-ci en 1923, le skeleton apparait  deux reprises aux Jeux olympiques d'hiver en 1928 et 1948  Saint-Moritz avant d'tre dfinitivement programm  partir des Jeux olympiques d'hiver de 2002 de Salt Lake City.
Batrice Martin, dite Cur de pirate (parfois abrg CDP), est une chanteuse, parolire, auteure-compositrice-interprte et pianiste canadienne, ne le 22 septembre 1989  Outremont (Qubec).
Gilbert Montagn, n le 28 dcembre 1951 dans le 20earrondissement de Paris, est un auteur, compositeur et interprte franais.
En physique, la constante gravitationnelle, aussi connue comme la constante universelle de gravitation, note G{\displaystyle G}, est la constante de proportionnalit de la loi universelle de la gravitation d'Isaac Newton.
Elle accde  la notorit internationale en interprtant, de 1994  2004, le personnage de Rachel Green dans la sitcom  succs Friends.
Corinthe (en grec ancien et en grec moderne  / Krinthos) est une ville portuaire importante de la Grce moderne, chef-lieu du district rgional de Corinthie et du Dme des Corinthiens.
Le requiem (forme  l'accusatif du latin requies signifiant repos), ou messe de requiem, est une messe de l'glise catholique clbre lors de funrailles ou de crmonies du souvenir.
La broderie est un art de dcoration des tissus qui consiste  ajouter sur un tissu un motif plat ou en relief fait de fils simples, parfois en intgrant des matriaux tels que des paillettes, des perles, voire des pierres prcieuses.
Le village de Morgat (mgat) se situe sur la commune de Crozon dans le Finistre en France.
Vestalia est une fte religieuse romaine en lhonneur de Vesta, la desse du foyer o brlait continment le feu sacr de Rome.
Les Choristes est une comdie dramatique et une comdie musicale franco-germano-suisse ralise par Christophe Barratier, sortie en 2004.
Le terme gnrique insecticide inclut aussi les pesticides destins  lutter contre des arthropodes qui ne sont pas des insectes (ex: araignes ou acariens tels que les tiques) ainsi parfois que des rpulsifs.
Ltourdi ou les Contretemps ou L'estourdy ou les contre-temps, est une comdie en cinq actes et en alexandrins de Molire, reprsente pour la premire fois  Lyon en .
Les Grandes Vacances est une comdie franco-italienne crite et ralise par Jean Girault, sortie en 1967.
La guerre se dfinit comme un tat de conflit arm entre plusieurs groupes politiques constitus, comme des tats.
Une action est un titre de proprit dlivr par une socit de capitaux (par exemple une socit anonyme ou une socit en commandite par actions).
Ptolme XIII Thos Philopator (n vers 61 avant notre re et mort le 15 janvier 47 avant notre re prs d'Alqam en gypte) est un des derniers pharaons d'gypte avant la priode romaine.
Le prsident de la Rpublique franaise est le chef de l'tat en France, exerant les plus hautes fonctions du pouvoir excutif de la Rpublique avec le Gouvernement.
Le massif du Jura ou Jura est une chane de montagnes situe en Europe occidentale, principalement le long de la frontire entre la France et la Suisse, au nord-ouest des Alpes dont il constitue une zone d'avant-pays plisse, et au sud du massif des Vosges.
Babar est un lphant de fiction, hros de la littrature d'enfance et de jeunesse imagin par Ccile de Brunhoff, mis en album et illustr par Jean de Brunhoff.
Il est cr en fvrier 2005 par Steve Chen, Chad Hurley et Jawed Karim, trois anciens employs de PayPal, puis rachet par Google en octobre 2006 pour 1,65milliard de dollars.
Nightwish est un groupe de metal symphonique finlandais originaire de Kitee, dans la rgion de la Carlie du Nord.
La famille des Oleaceae (Olaces) regroupe des plantes dicotyldones; elle comprend 900 espces rparties en 25  26 genres.
La latitude est une coordonne gographique reprsente par une valeur angulaire, expression de la position d'un point sur Terre (ou sur une autre plante), au nord ou au sud de l'quateur qui est le plan de rfrence.
Bien qu'il existe des traitements antirtroviraux luttant contre le VIH et retardant par consquent l'apparition du sida, rduisant ainsi la mortalit et la morbidit, il n'existe  l'heure actuelle aucun vaccin ou traitement dfinitif.
Becky G, de son vrai nom Rebbeca Marie Gomez, ne le 2 mars 1997  Inglewood, en Californie, est une chanteuse, rappeuse, danseuse, auteur-compositrice-interprte et actrice amricaine dorigine mexicaine.
Administrativement, Phnom Penh est galement une province du Cambodge.
La  minijupe (ou mini-jupe, ou jupette) est une jupe trs courte, droite ou plisse, dont la longueur se situe entre sous les fesses et la mi-cuisse.
Mont-Dauphin est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement des Hautes-Alpes en rgion Provence-Alpes-Cte d'Azur.
De part et d'autre de la Piazza, deux btiments annexes accueillent l'Institut de recherche et coordination acoustique/musique (Ircam) et l'atelier Brancusi.
Les riches se faisaient, en principe, incinrer, tandis que les Romains plus pauvres comme les esclaves pouvaient tre jets dans des fosses communes, sans crmonie.
Le vtrinaire est un mdecin spcialiste de la mdecine vtrinaire et de la chirurgie des animaux.
PayPal est une entreprise amricaine offrant un systme de service de paiement en ligne dans le monde entier.
La diplomatie est la conduite de ngociations et de reconnaissances diplomatiques entre les personnes, les groupes ou les nations en vue de dfinir un accord, par exemple pour rsoudre un conflit sans violence.
La Jeanneke-Pis, signifiant la petite fille [qui] pisse en bruxellois, est une statue avec fontaine situe  Bruxelles en Belgique.
La boule de Nol est une dcoration de Nol traditionnellement en forme de boule, mais pouvant adopter des formes trs diverses, que l'on accroche aux branches des sapins installs  l'occasion de Nol  l'aide d'un fil, d'une corde ou d'un crochet.
La famille des cuivres regroupe des instruments  vent (galement appels arophones) dont le son est produit grce  lair qui est  lintrieur du linstrument mais aussi grce  la vibration des lvres du musicien jouant sur cet instrument places sur lEmbouchure, contrairement aux instruments du groupe des vent des bois(, une flte par exemple) dont le son est produit par le souffle et la vibration qui est prsente en cause dune anche.
Larche de No est, d'aprs la Bible, un navire construit sur l'ordre de Dieu afin de sauver No, sa famille (sa femme, ses trois fils ainsi que leurs pouses) et ainsi qu'un couple (ou sept couples) de toutes les espces animales pour les sauver du Dluge sur le point d'advenir.
Une ncropole (du grec ncros et polis: Cit des morts) est un groupement de spultures monumentales ou de tombes spares des lieux de culte.
Alexandre Benalla, n le 8 septembre 1991  vreux (Eure), est un responsable de scurit et agent public contractuel franais.
Les Grecs appelaient le Chamaerops humilis, Phoenix chamaeriphes, ce qui signifie littralement palmier jet  terre.
Le sunnisme est le principal courant religieux de l'islam reprsentant entre 85 et 90% des musulmans du monde,.
Daewoo tait un groupe industriel sud-coren fond par Kim Woo-choong, prsent dans de nombreux domaines, dont la construction navale, le btiment, les armes, l'lectromnager, l'lectronique et l'automobile.
Agra (en hindi: ; en ourdou:  gr) est une ville situe dans l'tat de l'Uttar Pradesh en Inde, chef-lieu de l'une des 18 divisions territoriales de cet tat et du District d'Agra.
Les motifs et mises en pratique de l'antismitisme incluent divers prjugs, des allgations, des mesures discriminatoires ou dexclusion socio-conomique, des expulsions, des massacres dindividus ou de communauts entires.
En pratique, lopration Barbarossa dure de juin 1941  janvier-fvrier 1942, lchec allemand de la bataille de Moscou achevant la premire phase du conflit sur le front russe.
Le roumain (en roumain: romn) est une langue appartenant au groupe des langues romanes orientales de la branche romane de la famille des langues indo-europennes.
La chapelle Saint-Georges (Saint Georges Chapel en anglais) est la chapelle royale anglicane du XVesicle en style gothique du chteau de Windsor.
En France, le roman parat pour la premire fois en 1885, traduit aux ditions Hetzel.
Il est principalement connu pour la dcouverte du neutron en 1932, pour laquelle il reoit le prix Nobel de physique de .
Ursus arctos Lours brun (Ursus arctos) est une espce dours qui peut atteindre une masse corporelle de 130  700kg.
Tout comme les autres tyrannosaurids, Albertosaurus tait un prdateur bipde muni de membres antrieurs atrophis termins par deux doigts griffus ainsi qu'une large tte portant des dents pointues particulirement massives.
Space Exploration Technologies Corporation SpaceX, officiellement Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, est une entreprise amricaine spcialise dans le domaine de l'astronautique et du vol spatial.
L'effort ncessaire au bout du compte est divis (au frottement prs) par le nombre de brins, tandis que la longueur de corde  tirer pour rapprocher les groupes de poulies est multiplie d'autant (voir poulie).
Le Malade imaginaire, dernire uvre dramatique crite par Molire, est une comdie-ballet en trois actes et en prose, cre le 10 fvrier 1673 par la Troupe du Roi sur la scne du Palais-Royal  Paris, avec une musique de scne compose par Marc-Antoine Charpentier et des ballets rgls par Pierre Beauchamp.
Le trafic d'armes consiste  approvisionner en armes et/ou en munitions une entit (groupe combattant, association criminelle, tat) en violant les rglementations internationales ou nationales sur les ventes d'armes.
La sierra Nevada /sjera neaa/ (littralement chane de montagnes enneige en espagnol) est un massif montagneux rattach aux cordillres Btiques situes en Andalousie, en Espagne, qui s'tend sur la zone centre et sud-est de la province de Grenade et une partie du sud-ouest de la province d'Almeria.
Terminator 2: Le Jugement dernier (Terminator 2: Judgment Day) est un film de science-fiction amricain ralis par James Cameron et sorti en 1991.
James Cook est un navigateur, explorateur et cartographe britannique, n le 7 novembre 1728 (27 octobre 1728 selon le calendrier julien)  Marton (Middlesbrough) et mort le 14 fvrier 1779  Hawa.
LHypertext Transfer Protocol, gnralement abrg HTTP, littralement protocole de transfert hypertexte, est un protocole de communication client-serveur dvelopp pour le World Wide Web.
Un complet (appel aussi complet-veston, costume, veston-cravate, costard-cravate ou familirement costard) est un vtement masculin compos d'une veste (souvent appele veston), d'un pantalon et parfois d'un gilet.
Marwa Loud, de son vrai nom Marwa Outamghart, ne le 12 dcembre 1996  Strasbourg, est une chanteuse de pop urbaine et de RnB franaise d'origine marocaine.
Les Chevaliers du Zodiaque: La Lgende du Sanctuaire ( Legend of Sanctuary, Seinto Seiya Rejendo Obu Sankuchuari?) est un film d'animation japonais en image de synthse de Keiichi Sato adapt du manga Saint Seiya (Les Chevaliers du Zodiaque) sorti le 21 juin 2014 au Japon.
La socit de secrte des Krdugaw dsigne un groupe d'hommes initis assurant le rle d'un bouffon rituel lors de crmonies dans les communauts bambara, malink, snoufos et samogo du Mali.
Le grand bi apparat au dbut des annes 1870 et connat une grande popularit parmi les sportifs pendant les annes 1870 et 1880, mais est relativement peu utilis par les amateurs et le public  cause de sa dangerosit.
Francis Ford Coppola [fnss fd kpl], n le 7 avril 1939  Dtroit, est un ralisateur, producteur et scnariste amricain.
Langlicanisme est une confession chrtienne se voulant  la fois catholique et rforme, prsente principalement au Royaume-Uni, dans les pays de culture anglophone,  la fois dans les anciennes colonies britanniques et sur les terres d'expatriation des Britanniques de par le monde.
De la taille dun chat domestique, il ressemble au Chat de Temminck, mais possde un pelage uniforme roux ou gris, avec une longue queue.
Un tachymtre (du grec ancien  / takhs = rapide) est un instrument de mesure permettant de dterminer la vitesse de dplacement d'un objet en mouvement.
Cela entrana des tensions qui culminrent avec l'affaire Jumonville en 1754, vnement dclencheur de la guerre de la Conqute, aspect nord-amricain de la guerre de Sept Ans, qui se termina par la reddition de la Nouvelle-France en 1760, suivie du trait de Fontainebleau de 1762 puis du trait de Paris de 1763, en consquence duquel la France cde  l'Espagne et  la Grande-Bretagne une part importante de son premier empire colonial.
Le Championnat de France de football de National 3 ou National 3 (anciennement connu sous le nom de Championnat de France amateur 2 de football ou CFA 2 ou encore N3) est une comptition franaise de football correspondant au cinquime niveau hirarchique, derrire la Ligue 1, la Ligue 2, le National et le National 2.
Au moins un jeu Super Mario est sorti sur chaque console majeure de Nintendo depuis le premier pisode, Super Mario Bros., sorti en 1985 sur Nintendo Entertainment System.
Une hmorragie (du latin haemorrhagia) dsigne un saignement, un coulement de sang en dehors de l'espace vasculaire constitu par le cur, les vaisseaux sanguins (veines et artres) et la rate chez certaines espces.
Une liste lectorale est un registre dress comportant tous les noms des citoyens d'une circonscription lectorale admis  voter.
Le genre mle des lments de country et du rock.
Les bois sont des organes osseux ramifis de grande taille prsents sur la tte d'animaux tels que le cerf et la plupart des reprsentants de sa famille, les cervids.
Un post-scriptum (P.-S.), aussi orthographi postscriptum, signifiant littralement crit aprs (d'aprs postscriptum, participe pass du verbe latin postscribere), est un court message annexe ajout  la fin d'une lettre, gnralement aprs la signature.
M1 La nbuleuse du Crabe (M1, NGC 1952, Taurus A, Taurus X-1, Sh2-244) est un rmanent de supernova rsultant de l'explosion d'une toile massive en supernova historique (SN 1054).
Dans la mythologie romaine, Aurore (ou Aurora) est la desse de lAurore, quivalente de la grecque os, fille des Titans Hyprion et Thia, et sur de Sol (le Soleil) et de Luna (la Lune).
Tip Shib, galement connu sous le nom de Tip Sultn, n le 20 novembre 1750,[N   Devanahalli et mort le 4 mai 1799  Srirangapatna, fut sultan de Mysore  partir de 1782 et l'un des principaux opposants  l'installation du pouvoir britannique en Inde ce qui lui valut le surnom de tigre de Mysore.
L'le d'Elbe (en italien: Isola d'Elba) est la plus grande le de l'archipel toscan avec 224km2 de superficie et la troisime de l'Italie.
Acacia est un astrode de la ceinture principale dcouvert le 2 mars 1990  l'observatoire europen austral par l'astronome belge ric Elst.
Portant le numro 99 durant sa carrire, il est le seul joueur dont le numro est retir pour l'ensemble des quipes de la Ligue nationale de hockey[Note .
La Bible chrtienne, qui connat plusieurs canons selon les poques et les confessions, se compose de deux parties: l'Ancien Testament, qui reprend le Tanakh tel quel ou augment d'un certain nombre de livres[N  et le Nouveau Testament commun  la plupart des glises chrtiennes et regroupant les crits relatifs  Jsus-Christ et  ses disciples.
tampes (prononc [e.tp] couter) est est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de l'Essonne, en rgion le-de-France situe  cinquante kilomtres au sud-ouest de Paris et soixante kilomtres au nord d'Orlans.
Radiant est une srie de manga d'origine franaise (manfra) cre par Tony Valente et publie depuis juillet 2013 par Ankama ditions.
Les Bulls de Chicago (en anglais: Chicago Bulls; les taureaux de Chicago) sont une franchise professionnelle de basketball base  Chicago (Illinois).
Dans son sens actuellement le plus courant, c'est l'absence de bruit, c'est--dire de sons indsirables.
Beaumont-Hague (prononcer /bomag/) est une ancienne commune franaise, situe dans le dpartement de la Manche en rgion Normandie, peuple de 1356 habitants[Note  (les Beaumontais).
Un arc-doubleau[N  ou arcdoubleau[N  est un arc perpendiculaire  laxe de la vote et appuy contre la face intrieure des murs (il double la vote).
La Papouasie-Nouvelle-Guine est l'un des tats les plus linguistiquement diversifis au monde.
La rsistance intrieure franaise, appele en France la Rsistance, englobe l'ensemble des mouvements et rseaux clandestins qui durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale ont poursuivi la lutte contre l'Axe et ses relais collaborationnistes sur le territoire franais depuis l'armistice du 22 juin 1940 jusqu la Libration en 1944.
Il serpente ensuite vers le nord-est entre la Fort-Noire et le Jura souabe puis, avec le coude du Neckar, bifurque  Plochingen vers le nord-ouest et le nord pour traverser les agglomrations de Stuttgart et de Heilbronn, enfin tourne vers l'ouest entre Eberbach dans l'Odenwald jusqu' Heidelberg et finalement traverse le Foss rhnan au nord-ouest, jusqu Mannheim.
Elle fut la camarade dtudes dAlbert Einstein, puis sa premire pouse.
Les tats confdrs d'Amrique (en anglais: Confederate States of America, CSA; surnomms la Confdration, en anglais the Confederacy) taient une confdration d'tats indpendante autoproclame, ne de la scession des tats du Sud des tats-Unis d'avec les tats-Unis eux-mmes, alors surnomms l'Union.
Sonic Adventure 2 est un jeu vido de plates-formes dvelopp par Sonic Team et dit par Sega, sorti sur Dreamcast le 23 juin 2001, pour les dix ans de la srie Sonic.
La lacit s'oppose  la reconnaissance d'une religion d'tat.
Henri Tudor, en gallois Harri Tudur, n le 28 janvier 1457 au chteau de Pembroke, principaut de Galles, et mort le 21 avril 1509 au palais de Richmond, Surrey, fut comte de Richmond, puis roi d'Angleterre  partir de 1485 sous le nom d'Henri VII.
Bruce Springsteen, n le 23 septembre 1949  Long Branch (New Jersey), est un auteur-compositeur-interprte et guitariste amricain.
Le Beowulf est un pome pique majeur de la littrature anglo-saxonne, probablement compos entre la premire moiti du VIIesicle et la fin du premier millnaire.
Csar Borgia (en valencien et en Catalan, Csar de Borja), dit le Valentinois (Il Valentino), est un prince italien de la Renaissance, n le 13 septembre 1475  Rome et mort le 12 mars 1507  Viana, en Navarre.
Samir At Sad est un gymnaste franais d'origine algrienne, n le 1er novembre 1989  Champigny-sur-Marne.
Tulisa, de son vrai nom Tula Paulinea Contostavlos, ne le 13 juillet 1988 Camden Town  Londres, est une chanteuse-compositrice et actrice britannique d'origine grecque et irlandaise.
L'acn est une maladie dermatologique courante et chronique du systme pilosbac (qui comprend le follicule pileux, la tige pilaire et la glande sbace scrtant le sbum,  la racine du poil).
Asklpis ou Esculape qui est le nom en franais du dieu grec, en latin Aesculapius) est dans l'pope homrique un hros thessalien puis,  l'poque classique, le dieu grco-romain de la mdecine.
Molokai (ou Moloka'i en hawaen) est la cinquime le de l'archipel d'Hawa par la taille, avec une longueur de 61kilomtres, une largeur de 16kilomtres, une superficie de 673km2 et un littoral de 171kilomtres de longueur.
David (en hbreu: , qui signifie Bien-aim) est une figure importante de la Bible en tant que troisime roi de la Monarchie unifie d'Isral et Juda  la suite de Sal et d'Ish-boshet.
Bertrand du Guesclin, aussi nomm Bertran du Guesclin, n vers 1320[a] au chteau de la Motte-Broons,  Broons prs de Dinan, et mort le 13 juillet 1380 devant Chteauneuf-de-Randon, est un noble breton, conntable de France et de Castille, personnage majeur de la premire partie de la guerre de Cent Ans.
La Coupe du monde fminine de football 1999 se droule aux tats-Unis du 19 juin au 10 juillet 1999 et rassemble 16 participants (au lieu de 12 pour les ditions prcdentes).
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, ne le 15 septembre 1977, est une crivaine nigriane originaire dAbba dans ltat d'Anambra, au sud-est du Nigeria.
On les trouve partout, d'autant plus que le milieu est riche en bactries, notamment en quantit importante dans les excrments, le sol et les eaux d'gout; il y a dans un millilitre d'eau de mer prs de 50 millions de bactriophages.
Olivier Delafosse, dit Oldelaf, est un auteur-compositeur-interprte, chanteur humoristique et musicien franais n le 10 mai 1975  Paris.
Franck Dubosc, n le 7 novembre 1963 au Petit-Quevilly (Seine-Maritime), est un humoriste, acteur, scnariste et ralisateur franais.
Luniforme dsigne, en terminologie militaire, l'habit militaire en gnral.
Grosne est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement du Territoire de Belfort, en rgion Bourgogne-Franche-Comt.
Le Capricorne du chne (Cerambyx cerdo), Grand capricorne ou Capricorne ouvrier est une espce de coloptres de la famille des Cerambycidae.
Le japonais est la langue du Japon, parle par le peuple japonais.
Le lac Natron est un lac de soude, sal, endorique d'origine tectonique dont la superficie variable le cantonne dans le nord de la Tanzanie ou lui fait traverser pisodiquement la frontire avec le Kenya.
Christine de Pizan (italien: Cristina da Pizzano) ou de Pisan, ne en 1364  Venise et morte vers 1430 au monastre de Poissy, est une philosophe et potesse de naissance vnitienne, clbre pour ses crits rdigs en franais.
Philippe II dit Auguste, n le 21 aot 1165  Paris et mort  Mantes le 14 juillet 1223, est le septime roi (1180-1223) de la dynastie des Captiens.
Il est sign le 5 septembre 1905  lissue de ngociations qui se droulent aux chantiers navals de la Marine de Portsmouth, prs de la ville de Portsmouth aux tats-Unis.
Le Kurdistan (litt. pays des Kurdes; en kurde: Kurdewar ou simplement Kurdistan (ce dernier tant plus usit), anciennement transcrit Gordyne ou Kardouchi, est une rgion gographique et culturelle transfrontalire d'Asie occidentale, majoritairement peuple par les Kurdes.
Le Douro [do(w)u] (en portugais) ou Duero (en espagnol) est un fleuve qui prend sa source en Espagne  2160m d'altitude, dans la sierra de Urbin appartenant  la cordillre Ibrique, dans la province de Sria.
Hugo Marchand, n le 7 dcembre 1993  Nantes est un danseur franais, toile au Ballet de l'Opra national de Paris.
Paul Valry, nom de plume d'Ambroise Paul Toussaint Jules Valry, est un crivain, pote et philosophe franais n le 30 octobre   Ste (Hrault) et mort le 20 juillet 1945  Paris.
Microsoft Lumia (appel jusqu'en 2014 Nokia Lumia) est une gamme d'appareils mobiles conue et commercialise par Microsoft Mobile et prcdemment par Nokia.
La maison de Valois est la branche cadette de la dynastie captienne qui rgna sur le royaume de France de 1328  1589.
Zingiber officinale Le gingembre officinal couter (Zingiber officinale) est une espce de plantes originaire d'Inde, du genre Zingiber et de la famille des Zingiberaceae dont on utilise le rhizome en cuisine et en mdecine traditionnelle.
Le terme ABO est une combinaison des trois lettres utilises pour dfinir les trois groupes sanguins initialement dcrits dans ce systme: A, B et O, auxquels s'est ensuite ajout le groupe AB.
Les volcans rouges tirent leur nom de la couleur majoritairement rouge-orange de leurs produits ruptifs (majoritairement des laves fluides) par opposition aux volcans gris qui mettent majoritairement des cendres volcaniques au cours d'ruptions explosives, la lave des volcans rouges tant d'une manire gnrale moins visqueuse que celle des volcans gris.
La mosque bleue, mosque du sultan Ahmet ou mosque Sultanahmet (en turc Sultan Ahmet Camii ou Sultanahmet Camii) est l'une des mosques historiques d'Istanbul.
Dark Sidious Sheev Palpatine, alias Dark Sidious, ou Darth Sidious dans la version originale et qubcoise, est un personnage de fiction, seigneur noir des Sith, homme politique et antagoniste principal de la saga Star Wars cre par George Lucas.
Sophie la girafe est un jouet pour les nourrissons, cr en 1961 par la socit Delacoste, hritire de la socit Derolland qui fabrique des jouets en caoutchouc depuis 1862  Asnires-sur-Oise.
Une unit de longueur est une unit, c'est--dire un talon, permettant d'exprimer la mesure physique.
Cr par le scnariste Stan Lee et le dessinateur Jack Kirby, le personnage de fiction apparat pour la premire fois dans le comic book Fantastic Four (vol.1) #13 en avril 1963.
Une adresse  MAC (de l'anglais Media Access Control), parfois nomme adresse physique, est un identifiant physique stock dans une carte rseau ou une interface rseau similaire.
La Tragique histoire d'Hamlet, prince de Danemark (en anglais, The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark), plus couramment dsign sous le titre abrg Hamlet, est la plus longue et l'une des plus clbres pices de William Shakespeare.
Une explosion atomique ou explosion nuclaire est le rsultat de l'explosion d'une bombe atomique.
La Reuss est une rivire de Suisse, longue de 158km, affluent de l'Aar (rive droite).
Dominique Nuez de Guzman (en espagnol: Domingo Nez de Guzmn), n vers 1170  Caleruega, en Espagne, et mort le 6 aot 1221  Bologne, en Italie, est un religieux catholique, prtre, fondateur de l'ordre des frres prcheurs appels couramment dominicains.
La capitale, et la ville la plus peuple du pays, est Windhoek.
Le baba au rhum est un savarin servi imbib d'un sirop, gnralement au rhum, et parfois fourr de crme fouette ou de crme ptissire.
Le dari (en dari: ), aussi appel persan afghan ou persan oriental, est une varit du persan parle principalement en Afghanistan.
Tiken Jah Fakoly, de son vrai nom Doumbia Moussa Fakoly, n le 23 juin 1968  Odienn en Cte d'Ivoire, est un auteur-compositeur-interprte et  chanteur de reggae.
Lucie Aubrac, pseudonyme de Lucie Samuel, ne Bernard le 29 juin 1912  Paris et morte le 14 mars 2007  Issy-les-Moulineaux (Hauts-de-Seine), est une rsistante franaise  l'occupation allemande et au rgime de Vichy pendant la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
La Grande-Bretagne (en anglais: Great Britain ou plus rarement Britain, en gallois: Prydain Fawr, en scots: Great Breetain, en cornique: Breten Veur, en galique cossais: Breatainn Mhr) est une le au large du littoral nord-ouest de l'Europe continentale.
Proxima du Centaure  Alpha Centauri C Alpha Centauri C (en abrg  Cen C, parfois ACC), ou en franais Alpha du Centaure C, est le systme plantaire le plus proche du systme solaire au sein de la Voie lacte.
Aldbaran, galement appele Alpha Tauri ( Tauri/ Tau) selon la dsignation de Bayer, est une  toile gante orange, et l'toile la plus brillante de la constellation zodiacale du Taureau.
L'autocratie est un rgime politique o un seul individu dtient le pouvoir, alors qualifi de pouvoir personnel et absolu.
Le hockey est originaire du Canada et sest dvelopp  la fin du XIXesicle en Amrique du Nord.
Lom (autrefois en allemand: Lome) est la capitale et la principale ville du Togo.
Il est connu sous l'appellation de Pug (carlin) aux tats-Unis, au Brsil, en Australie et en Angleterre (du fait de son profil en poing) et de Mops (fch) en Allemagne et en Russie.
Le portugais (en portugais: portugus) est une langue appartenant  la branche romane de la famille des langues indo-europennes.
Le muse dpartemental Arles antique, dit le Muse bleu, est un muse construit  Arles en 1995, dans un btiment moderne conu par l'architecte Henri Ciriani sur la presqu'le o se trouvait l'ancien cirque romain, pour abriter les collections archologiques particulirement riches de la ville.
La dsobissance civile est le refus assum et public de se soumettre  une loi, un rglement, une organisation ou un pouvoir jug inique par ceux qui le contestent, tout en faisant de ce refus une arme de combat pacifique.
Diocltien, de son nom complet Caius Aurelius Valerius Diocletianus Augustus[b] (n vers le 22 dcembre  en Dalmatie  mort le 3 dcembre 311/312[a],), est un empereur romain qui rgna du 20 novembre 284 au 1er mai 305.
FIFA 15 est un jeu vido de football dvelopp par Electronic Arts et dit par EA Sports sorti le 25 septembre 2014.
Raymond Claude Ferdinand Aron, n le 14 mars 1905 dans le 6earrondissement de Paris et mort le 17 octobre 1983 dans le 4earrondissement de Paris, est un philosophe, sociologue, politologue, historien et journaliste franais.
Djeddah (en arabe: , Jidda, /dd.da/), parfois orthographi Jeddah ou Gedda, est la deuxime ville d'Arabie saoudite et un grand centre de commerce, situe sur les bords de la mer Rouge.
Le phare doit son nom au fait qu'un nombre relativement lev de baleines venaient s'chouer  cet endroit de l'le de R par le pass.
Il s'agit du 5efilm de l'univers cinmatographique Marvel et il fait partie de la phase une.
Il est le 45eprsident des tats-Unis, en fonction du 20 janvier 2017 au 20 janvier 2021.
La Nouvelle-Zlande (en anglais: New Zealand; en maori: Aotearoa) est un pays insulaire d'Ocanie, situ dans le sud-ouest de l'ocan Pacifique.
Conservant une influence majeure au sein du Parti rpublicain et le soutien d'une part importante de ses sympathisants, il annonce ds novembre 2022 sa candidature  llection prsidentielle de 2024.
Par extension, on utilise aussi le terme flood pour dsigner une quantit importante de messages inutiles envoys par une mme personne (ou rpts par d'autres par la suite) sur une liste de diffusion ou un forum sur Internet.
Heterozostera est un genre de plantes monocotyldones de la famille des Zosteraceae formant des Herbiers marins, qui comprend 1  4 espces selon les sources.
Gotham (otm prononc en anglais:[GOHTm]) est un village du Nottinghamshire, en Angleterre, au sud de Nottingham et au nord-est de Kegworth.
Elle est accompagne de divers ingrdients et condiments trs varis comme de la moutarde, du ketchup, de la relish, des oignons, et toutes sortes de sauces (mayonnaise, barbecue, chutney). Hot-dog dsignait  l'origine uniquement la saucisse, puis, par extension, l'ensemble du sandwich.
L'lectron, un des composants de l'atome avec les neutrons et les protons, est une particule lmentaire qui possde une charge lmentaire de signe ngatif.
La plupart du temps, l'hydropisie en tant que maladie dsignait la cause principale d'dmes gnraliss,  savoir l'insuffisance cardiaque congestive; depuis, le terme s'applique surtout aux poissons d'aquariums ainsi qu'aux escargots.
Raoul Ernest Joseph Dufy, n le 3 juin 1877 au Havre et mort le 23 mars 1953  Forcalquier, est un peintre, dessinateur, graveur, illustrateur de livres, cramiste, crateur de tissus, de tapisseries et de mobilier, dcorateur d'intrieur, d'espaces publics et de thtre franais.
Franklin Pierce, n le 23 novembre 1804  Hillsborough (New Hampshire) et mort le 8 octobre 1869  Concord (New Hampshire), est un avocat et homme d'tat amricain, 14e prsident des tats-Unis.
Une lampe  incandescence, ou ampoule  incandescence par mtonymie, est un luminaire lectrique qui claire en portant  incandescence par effet Joule un filament de tungstne, le mtal qui a le plus haut point de fusion (3422C).
Percy Jackson (titre original: Percy Jackson & The Olympians) est une srie de cinq romans de fantasy crits par Rick Riordan et bass sur la mythologie grecque.
Black M ou Black Mesrimes (de son vrai nom Alpha Diallo), n le 27 dcembre 1984  Paris, est un rappeur et chanteur franais, membre du groupe Sexion d'Assaut.
Le signal de Botrange est, depuis 1919, le point culminant de la Belgique  une altitude de 694mtres.
Le procs de Nuremberg intent par les puissances allies contre 24 des principaux responsables du Troisime Reich, accuss de complot, crimes contre la paix, crimes de guerre et crimes contre l'humanit, se tient du 20 novembre 1945 au 1er octobre 1946 dans le palais de justice de Nuremberg et constitue la premire tape de la mise en uvre d'une juridiction pnale internationale.
L'autoroute A33 est une autoroute urbaine reliant Nancy  Dombasle-sur-Meurthe, dont la longueur est de 27 kilomtres.
Raspberry Pi OS (anciennement nomm Raspbian) est un systme d'exploitation  libre et gratuit bas sur Debian optimis pour fonctionner sur les diffrents Raspberry Pi.
Le lac Abbe ou lac Abhe Bad est un lac sal endorique d'Afrique de l'Est situ sur la frontire entre Djibouti et l'thiopie,  l'extrmit occidentale de la valle de l'Awash et l'extrmit occidentale du grand bassin du Gobaad.
Le pril fcal dsigne le danger que reprsente les fces et excreta d'origine humaine et dsigne indirectement l'ensemble des maladies lies  ces excrments.
Basilik kinstrn), aussi connue sous le nom turc Yerebatan Sarnc (la citerne enfouie sous terre), est une gigantesque citerne souterraine de Constantinople, la capitale de l'Empire byzantin, dont elle est l'un des monuments les plus spectaculaires encore visibles aujourd'hui  Istanbul.
Benjamin Rabier, n le 30 dcembre 1864  Napolon-Vende et mort le 10 octobre 1939  Faverolles, est un auteur pour la jeunesse, dramaturge, animateur, illustrateur et auteur de bande dessine franais.
Alain Chabat, n le 24 novembre 1958  Oran (Algrie franaise), est un acteur, ralisateur, scnariste, humoriste, producteur de cinma et animateur de tlvision franais.
Reine-des-prs La Reine-des-prs (Filipendula ulmaria), anciennement appele ulmaire, ou fausse spire, est une plante herbace vivace de la famille des Rosaces, originaire de l'Europe.
Marisa Letcia Lula da Silva, ne Marisa Letcia Casa le 7 avril 1950  So Bernardo do Campo et morte le 3 fvrier 2017  So Paulo, est la deuxime femme de Luiz Incio Lula da Silva, ancien prsident de la rpublique fdrative du Brsil.
Le disque Blu-ray, ou Blu-ray Disc en anglais, avec comme abrviation officielle BD, est un format de disque numrique brevet et commercialis  partir de 2006 par Sony permettant de stocker et restituer des vidogrammes en haute dfinition.
 un niveau plus lmentaire, le thorme de Thals sert  calculer des longueurs en trigonomtrie,  condition de disposer de deux droites parallles.
En 1920, il devient prsident du premier Conseil de la Socit des Nations, ainsi que laurat du prix Nobel de la paix.
Cultive industriellement pour sa racine comestible, consomme comme lgume, il est appel couramment salsifis.
Marine Lorphelin, ne le 16 mars 1993  Mcon (71), est une reine de beaut, animatrice et mdecin franaise.
Certains dulcorants n'apportent pas de calories, d'autres moins que le sucre de table (saccharose), d'autres ont lavantage de ne pas tre cariognes et certains sont plus sucrs que le sucre.
Carol II (francis en CharlesII o Oswon ), n le 15 octobre 1893  Sinaia et mort le 4 avril 1953  Estoril au Portugal, est roi de Roumanie de 1930  1940.
L'Axe Rome-Berlin fut proclam le 1er novembre 1936 et transform le 27 septembre 1940 en pacte tripartite regroupant l'Allemagne nazie, le Japon et l'Italie fasciste, qui formrent ainsi une alliance militaire.
Zombillnium est une srie de bande dessine franco-belge prpublie  partir de 2009 dans Spirou no3698.
Le palais de Westminster (en anglais: Palace of Westminster), galement dsign sous le nom de Chambres du Parlement (Houses of Parliament), est le lieu o sige le Parlement du Royaume-Uni: la Chambre des communes (House of Commons) et la Chambre des lords (House of Lords).
La pauvret dsigne dans une socit donne le fait d'tre dans une situation d'infriorit matrielle par rapport aux individus les plus favoriss; cela se traduit notamment par des difficults  subvenir  ses besoins et  ceux de ses proches, mais aussi par une stigmatisation de la part des personnes plus riches.
Le mot isolation peut dsigner l'action d'isoler ou son rsultat, le mot est notamment employ dans les domaines suivants:
Les trolleybus de Genve constituent un des trois rseaux de transport en commun de la ville de Genve et de son canton en Suisse.
Le personnel navigant commercial (abrg PNC) est le personnel d'une compagnie arienne ayant pour fonction d'assurer la scurit des passagers  bord d'un aronef, mais aussi l'accueil, le confort et la fidlisation de la clientle.
Tal Benyezri, connue sous le nom de Tal maintenant dite Taloula, est une chanteuse, auteur, compositrice et guitariste et pianiste franco-isralienne, ne le 12 dcembre 1989  Hadera, en Isral.
Alligator sinensis Alligator sinensis, l'Alligator de Chine (en chinois simplifi: ; en chinois traditionnel: , Yang z , littralement Alligator du Yangtz), est une espce de crocodiliens de la famille des Alligatoridae.
Aromia moschata L'aromie musque, Aromia moschata, est une espce de coloptres capricornes au reflet cuivr qui frquente les feuillus et en particulier les saules.
Il est un des fondateurs et membre du groupe de rappeurs parisiens Sexion d'assaut.
La dnazification (en allemand, Entnazifizierung) est un processus dirig par les Allis au sortir de la Seconde Guerre mondiale et destin  radiquer le nazisme dans les institutions et la vie publique allemandes.
Roman Weidenfeller, n le 6 aot 1980,  Diez, est un ancien footballeur international allemand qui voluait au poste de gardien de but.
Des annes 1960 jusqu' sa mort, Deleuze a crit une uvre philosophique influente et complexe,  propos de la philosophie elle-mme, de la littrature, de la politique, de la psychanalyse, du cinma et de la peinture.
Les bombes ont t places prs de la ligne d'arrive sur Boylston Street et ont dton  13 secondes d'intervalle tuant trois personnes et en blessant 264 autres.
Iron Man 3 est un film de super-hros amricain cocrit et ralis par Shane Black, sorti en 2013.
Orange, surnomme la Cit des Princes, est une commune franaise situe au nord-ouest du dpartement de Vaucluse en rgion Provence-Alpes-Cte d'Azur.
Le muse ocanographique de Monaco ou Muse ocanographique est un muse ocanographique-aquarium public de style no-baroque, du Rocher de Monaco, sur la Cte d'Azur, fond face  la mer Mditerrane en 1889 par le prince Albert Ier de Monaco, et inaugur en 1910.
Le rouble (en russe: , ancien symbole: P) est l'unit montaire utilise depuis plus de 700 ans dans l'Empire russe, en URSS, en Russie actuelle et dans certains autres pays.
Le Chili, en forme longue la rpublique du Chili (en espagnol Chile et Repblica de Chile), est un pays dAmrique du Sud partageant ses frontires avec le Prou et la Bolivie au nord d'une part, et lArgentine au nord-est,  l'est et au sud-est d'autre part, et dont le territoire forme une troite bande allant du dsert d'Atacama jusqu'au cap Horn.
Le post-punk est un genre musical apparu vers la fin des annes 1970, en cho  la dferlante punk marque par un certain radicalisme, et souvent associ au mouvement new wave.
Bertrade de Montfort (ne v. 1070 - morte le 14 fvrier ) est successivement, par ses diffrents mariages, comtesse d'Anjou et reine des Francs.
Robert Gudiguian, n le 3 dcembre 1953  Marseille, est un ralisateur de cinma, producteur et scnariste franais d'origine armnienne et allemande.
Le tramway de Genve constitue un des trois rseaux de transport en commun de la ville de Genve et de son canton en Suisse.
Dian Fossey (/dan fsi/), ne le 16 janvier 1932  San Francisco (Californie, tats-Unis) et morte le 26 dcembre 1985 dans les montagnes des Virunga au Rwanda, est une primatologue amricaine, spcialise dans l'tude du comportement des gorilles de l'Est.
Maryam Mirzakhani (en persan:  ), ne le 12 mai 1977  Thran et morte le 14 juillet 2017  Stanford (Californie), est une mathmaticienne iranienne, professeur  l'universit Stanford, connue pour ses travaux en topologie et en gomtrie (notamment en gomtrie des surfaces de Riemann) et la premire femme rcipiendaire de la mdaille Fields (13 aot 2014).
Seydou Badian Kouyate, plus connu sous le nom de Seydou Badian, est un crivain et homme politique malien n  Bamako (Soudan franais) le 10 avril 1928 et mort le 28 dcembre 2018  Bamako (Mali).
Le Cid est une pice de thtre tragi-comique en vers (alexandrins essentiellement) de Pierre Corneille dont la premire reprsentation eut lieu le 7 janvier 1637 au thtre du Marais.
David mile Durkheim, dit mile Durkheim, n le 15 avril 1858  pinal et mort le 15 novembre 1917  Paris, est un sociologue franais considr comme l'un des fondateurs de la sociologie moderne.
Lors d'un vote, l'obtention de la majorit absolue ncessite de runir plus de la moiti des suffrages exprims, ce qui est souvent rsum par l'expression 50% plus une voix, bien que celle-ci fasse dbat.
Facilement manipulable, empilable et peu coteuse, elle est utilise en microbiologie pour la mise en culture de micro-organismes, de bactries ou de cellules d'organismes suprieurs (par exemple la culture d'hybridome).
Permis de tuer (Licence to Kill) est un film britannique ralis par John Glen, sorti en 1989.
L'histoire du Mexique est traditionnellement divise en trois grandes priodes: prhispanique, coloniale et indpendante.
Leopardus pardalis LOcelot (Leopardus pardalis ou anciennement Felis pardalis) est un flin qui vit en Amrique du Sud et en Amrique centrale.
Un tabouret est un sige  un, trois ou quatre pieds, gnralement sans dossier et sans bras.
Helmut Josef Michael Kohl [hlmut jozf mael kol], n le 3 avril 1930  Ludwigshafen et mort le 16 juin 2017 dans la mme ville, est un homme d'tat allemand, membre de l'Union chrtienne-dmocrate d'Allemagne (CDU).
Chez l'tre humain, la strilit est l'incapacit physiologique de concevoir naturellement, de porter ou d'accoucher une progniture saine ou viable.
Le safran est une partie du gouvernail d'un navire, constitu d'un plan vertical pouvant pivoter afin de dvier le flux d'eau sous la coque pour changer la direction du navire.
Au-del de l'adoption d'une pratique alimentaire vgtalienne (qui exclut les produits alimentaires d'origine animale comme la viande, le poisson, les insectes, les produits laitiers, les ufs et le miel), le vganisme exclut galement la consommation de tout autre produit issu des animaux, de leur exploitation ou test sur eux (cuir, fourrure, laine, soie,etc.), et plus gnralement l'utilisation des animaux dans le cadre des loisirs.
L'le Kodiak est une grande le ctire du sud de l'Alaska dont elle est spare par le dtroit de Chelikhov.
Comme la contrebasse dont elle est inspire, la guitare basse est gnralement utilise pour jouer la ligne de basse au sein de la section rythmique d'un ensemble musical, mais elle est galement utilise comme instrument soliste.
L'Amas de la Vierge est un grand amas de galaxies situ  une distance de 15 22Mpc (48,9 71,8millions d'a.l.).Il fut dcouvert par Charles Messier en 1781, qui cartographia un grand nombre de ses galaxies les plus importantes, notamment la galaxie gante M87.
Charles Roger Hargreaves, n le 9 mai 1935  Cleckheaton dans le comt du Yorkshire au Royaume-Uni et mort le 11 septembre 1988  Tunbridge Wells dans le Kent, est un illustrateur et auteur britannique de livres pour enfants.
Tareck El Aissami, n le 12 novembre 1974  El Viga, est un juriste, criminologue et homme d'tat vnzulien.
Le cannibalisme est une pratique qui consiste  consommer, compltement ou partiellement, un individu de sa propre espce.
Rosetta est une mission spatiale de l'Agence spatiale europenne (ASE/ ESA) dont l'objectif principal est de recueillir des donnes sur la composition du noyau de la comte 67P/
Le Musum d'histoire naturelle de Genve abrite une importante bibliothque de littrature scientifique zoologie et sciences de la Terre et d'archives.
Je cherche aprs Titine est une chanson humoristique de 1917, dont les paroles ont t crites par Bertal-Maubon et Henri Lemonnier, et mise en musique par Lo Daniderff.
Le Project tiger (littralement de l'anglais projet tigre) est un projet gouvernemental indien lanc le 1er avril 1973 et visant  protger le Tigre du Bengale.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, ne le 15 septembre 1977, est une crivaine nigriane originaire dAbba dans ltat d'Anambra, au sud-est du Nigeria.
Mercedes-Benz (prononc en allemand:/mtsedsbnts/) est une marque allemande d'automobiles (modles premium, de sport et de luxe), de camions, d'autocars et d'autobus indpendante fonde en 1926 par trois constructeurs: Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft, Mercedes et Benz &
Trtn) est un dieu marin de la mythologie grecque, fils de Posidon et d'Amphitrite, messager des flots.
Le terme d'anticommunisme englobe, au sens large, l'ensemble des attitudes d'opposition ou d'hostilit envers les aspects thoriques ou pratiques du communisme: l'anticommunisme peut se traduire sous forme de simple prise de position, de discours politique structur, d'action ou de propagande.
Une deuxime saison est diffuse entre avril et septembre 2017, suivie par une troisime saison diffuse entre avril et septembre 2018, une quatrime saison entre octobre 2019 et avril 2020 et une cinquime saison entre mars et septembre 2021.
D'apparence physique identique, ils sont les neveux de Donald Duck et les petits-neveux de Balthazar Picsou.
Le radar (acronyme issu de l'anglais radio detection and ranging) est un systme qui utilise les ondes lectromagntiques pour dtecter la prsence et dterminer la position ainsi que la vitesse d'objets tels que les avions, les bateaux, ou la pluie.
Philippe de Habsbourg, dit Philippe le Beau (en allemand: Philipp der Schne, en nerlandais: Filips de Schone, en espagnol: Felipe el Hermoso), n le 22 juin 1478  Bruges en Flandre et mort le 25 septembre 1506  Burgos en Castille, est fils de Maximilien de Habsbourg et de Marie de Bourgogne ainsi que roi consort de Castille sous le nom de Philippe Ier.
Les Tommyknockers (titre original: The Tommyknockers) est un roman d'horreur crit par Stephen King et publi en 1987.
Dacca ou Dhaka (en bengali: , API: /aka/) est la capitale, la plus grande ville et le centre politique, culturel et conomique du  Bangladesh.
En 1933, le Bauhaus (install  Berlin) est ferm par les nazis, qui le considrent comme une cole enseignant un art dgnr.
Jrme Eho, n le 29 mars 1969  Paris, est un auteur franais de romans, scnariste et dessinateur de bandes dessines.
Le syndrome respiratoire aigu svre (SRAS) est une maladie infectieuse des poumons (pneumonie aige) due  un coronavirus, le SARS-CoV, apparu pour la premire fois en Chine en novembre 200, qui a provoqu une pidmie  partir de mai 2003 dans 29 pays, infect plus de 8000personnes et fait au moins 774 morts.
Depuis le 1er janvier 2017, le secrtaire gnral des Nations unies, nomm par l'Assemble gnrale sur recommandation du Conseil de scurit, est le Portugais Antnio Guterres.
Non-binarit est un terme gnrique utilis en sciences sociales et dans le lexique LGBT+ pour catgoriser les diffrentes identits de genre non binaires ou genderqueer qui ne s'inscrivent pas dans la norme binaire occidentale moderne, c'est--dire que les personnes non binaires ou genderqueer ne s'identifient ni strictement homme, ni strictement femme, mais entre les deux, un mlange des deux, ou aucun des deux.
lisabeth Ire, ne le 7 septembre 1533 au palais de Placentia  Londres et morte le 24 mars 1603 au palais de Richmond dans la mme ville, fut reine d'Angleterre et d'Irlande de 1558  sa mort.
Dachau (prononc en allemand:[daxa], prononc en franais:[dao]) est une ville d'Allemagne, chef-lieu de l'arrondissement de Dachau en Bavire, dans la banlieue de Munich.
Les Tractoristes (en russe: , Traktoristy) est un film musical sovitique en noir et blanc, ralis par Ivan Pyriev en 1939, produit par la socit de production cinmatographique Mosfilm.
Grenoble est la commune-centre de la deuxime agglomration de la rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes en nombre d'habitants, aprs celle de Lyon, et la troisime commune de cette rgion, derrire Lyon et Saint-tienne.
Le dj-vu est la sensation d'avoir dj t tmoin ou d'avoir dj vcu une situation prsente, accompagne d'une sensation d'irralit, d'tranget.
Par extension, le cimetire dsigne tout terrain public et sacr o, aprs une crmonie, lon enterre les morts d'un mme groupe humain dans des tombes individuelles ou lignagres o leur souvenir est gnralement signal par un monument, des symboles ou des inscriptions.
Les praticiens de cette discipline sont appels pdopsychiatres.
Les brodeurs sur machine guide main peuvent, eux, broder avec plusieurs fils et pour des ouvrages de plus grande taille.
En tant que trompettiste, il est considr par ses pairs comme un virtuose hors normes.
Les centrales lectriques alimentent en lectricit, au moyen du rseau lectrique, les consommateurs, particuliers ou industriels loigns de la centrale[N .
Lucifer est un nom latin signifiant porteur de lumire, compos de lux (lumire) et ferre (porter), qui dsigne une entit mythologique.
La princesse Victoria de Sude, princesse hritire de Sude (en sudois: Kronprinsessan Victoria) et duchesse de Vstergtland, ne le 14 juillet 1977  l'hpital Karolinska  Stockholm (Sude).
Guillaume II d'Angleterre, dit Guillaume le Roux[note  (vers 1060  2 aot 1100), est roi d'Angleterre de 1087  1100 en succdant  son pre Guillaume le Conqurant.
Ces organismes sont  opposer aux organismes endothermes qui, eux, produisent de la chaleur (les mammifres et les oiseaux par exemple).
La titulaire depuis le 22 juillet 2020 est Claire Hdon.
Arthur Karl Greiser, n le 22 janvier 1897  roda en Posnanie (orthographie Schroda en allemand), mort le 14 juillet 1946  Pozna, est un criminel de guerre nazi, gnral SS et membre du parti nazi.
Jean-Michel Tinivelli, n le 19 mars 1967  Strasbourg, est un acteur franais d'origine italienne.
CocoRosie est un groupe amricain de folk psychdlique form en 2003, duo articul autour des surs Bianca (Coco) et Sierra (Rosie) Casady, qui fabriquent une musique mlant musique lectronique, musique folk, chant lyrique, gospel, pop lo-fi, et hip-hop.
Le Lynx est une constellation de l'hmisphre nord situe au sud et  l'ouest de la Grande Ourse.
On regroupe sous le nom de fruits rouges, petits fruits, petits fruits rouges, fruits des bois ou encore baies un ensemble d'espces de vgtaux qui produisent une fructification comestible.
Dalip Singh Rana (n le 27 aot 1972  Dhiraina, Himachal Pradesh), plus connu sous le nom de The Great Khali, est un catcheur, culturiste et acteur indien naturalis amricain.
Philippe Leclerc de Hauteclocque, plus connu comme le gnral Leclerc ou marchal Leclerc, n Philippe de Hauteclocque le 22 novembre 1902  Belloy-Saint-Lonard (Somme) et mort dans un accident d'avion le 28 novembre 1947 prs de Colomb-Bchar (Algrie franaise), est un militaire franais, l'un des principaux chefs militaires de la France libre durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Le Zyklon B est un pesticide  base d'acide cyanhydrique brevet par le chimiste Walter Heerdt (ancien collaborateur de Fritz Haber) et produit par la firme allemande Degesch.
Membre de la famille Mendelssohn, il est le petit-fils du philosophe et rabbin Moses Mendelssohn, le fils du banquier et philanthrope Abraham Mendelssohn Bartholdy et le frre de la compositrice Fanny Mendelssohn.
300: La Naissance d'un Empire (300: Rise of an Empire) est un pplum amricain de Noam Murro, sorti au cinma le 5 mars 2014.
Il est diplm de l'Academia Militar das Agulhas Negras  AMAN, en 2006  Resende.
Le Champ-de-Mars est un vaste jardin public entirement ouvert, situ  Paris dans le quartier du Gros-Caillou du 7earrondissement, entre la tour Eiffel au nord-ouest et l'cole militaire au sud-est.
Une hallucination est dfinie, en psychiatrie, comme une perception sensorielle sans prsence d'un stimulus dtectable: par exemple voir des objets physiquement absents, ou bien entendre des voix sans que personne ne parle.
William Felton Russell, dit Bill Russell, n le 12 fvrier 1934  Monroe (Louisiane) et mort le 31 juillet 2022  Mercer Island (Washington), est un joueur de basket-ball professionnel amricain ayant volu au poste de pivot pour les Celtics de Boston en National Basketball Association (NBA) de 1956  1969.
Bungula Alpha Centauri ( Centauri, abrg en  Cen, selon la dsignation de Bayer), en franais Alpha du Centaure, est le systme stellaire et plantaire le plus proche du systme solaire.
Fender Musical Instruments Corporation, nomm initialement Fender's Radio Service puis Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company, est une socit cre par Leo Fender (Clarence Leonidas Fender) aux tats-Unis dans les annes 1940.
Il en rsulte une induration douloureuse du derme cause par une accumulation de pus et de tissus morts.
L'incidence du cancer du poumon chez les non-fumeurs, qui reprsentent environ 15% des cas, est imputable pour partie au tabagisme passif,[10],  l'exposition au radon,  l'amiante,  d'autres formes de pollution de l'air,, ainsi qu' une combinaison de facteurs gntiques.
Bichkek (en kirghize: ) est la capitale et la principale ville du Kirghizistan.
Vito Cascio Ferro dit Don Vito (n  Palerme le 22 janvier 1862 - mort en prison en 1943, ou en 1942, selon les sources), est l'un des plus puissants parrains de la mafia sicilienne, la Cosa nostra, actif  la fin du XIXesicle et au dbut du XXesicle.
Ses performances lui permettent de remporter  cinq reprises le Trophe Zamora de meilleur gardien du championnat d'Espagne.
Le gentil est Serrois et Serroise.
Canberra (/kanba/; en anglais: /knb/ couter) est la capitale de l'Australie et du Territoire de la capitale australienne.
Le Soviet suprme de l'Union sovitique (en russe:  , Verkhovny Soviet, littralement Conseil Suprme) constituait la plus haute institution lgislative en Union sovitique.
Brooklyn (prononc en anglais: [brkln]) est l'un des cinq arrondissements (en anglais: borough) de la ville de New York, les quatre autres tant Manhattan, Queens, le Bronx et Staten Island.
En pratique, lopration Barbarossa dure de juin 1941  janvier-fvrier 1942, lchec allemand de la bataille de Moscou achevant la premire phase du conflit sur le front russe.
Ses habitants sont appels les Cabestanyencs ou  Cabestanyenques.
Burgos est une ville du nord de l'Espagne, chef-lieu de la comarca de l'Alfoz de Burgos, dans la Communaut autonome de Castille-et-Len, capitale de la province de Burgos.
Il y a deux acceptions du terme "zodiaque": le zodiaque astronomique (zodiaque de treize constellations que le Soleil semble traverser en une anne) et le zodiaque astrologique (zodiaque des douze signes astrologiques de trente degrs chacun que le Soleil semble aussi traverser en une anne).
En particulier, Ganymde est la lune la plus grande et la plus massive du Systme solaire, dpassant en taille la plante Mercure.
Patrick Sbastien, de son vrai nom Patrick Boutot, n le 14 novembre 1953  Brive-la-Gaillarde, est un imitateur, humoriste, acteur, ralisateur, chanteur, auteur-compositeur, pote, crivain, producteur-animateur d'missions de divertissement de tlvision franaise et ex-dirigeant de club de rugby.
Morteau est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement du Doubs, la rgion culturelle et historique de Franche-Comt et la rgion administrative Bourgogne-Franche-Comt.
On parle d'closion lorsqu'un animal sort de son uf ou lorsqu'une fleur ou une graine s'ouvre.
Un proverbe est une formule langagire de porte gnrale contenant une morale, une expression de sagesse populaire ou une vrit dexprience que lon juge utile de rappeler.
Georg Simon Ohm, n le 16 mars 1789  Erlangen et mort  65 ans le 6 juillet 1854  Munich, est un physicien allemand ayant tudi  l'universit d'Erlangen.
La semaine sanglante, du dimanche 21 au dimanche suivant, 28 mai 1871, dsigne la priode la plus meurtrire de la guerre civile de 1871 et l'pisode final de la Commune de Paris, au cours de laquelle l'insurrection est crase et ses membres excuts en masse.
Les pomes de Dickinson sont en effet uniques pour leur poque: ils sont constitus de vers trs courts, nont pas de titres et utilisent frquemment des rimes imparfaites et des majuscules ainsi qu'une ponctuation non conventionnelle.
La ngritude est un courant littraire et politique, cr durant l'entre-deux-guerres, rassemblant des crivains francophones noirs, comme Aim Csaire, Lopold Sdar Senghor, les surs Paulette et Jeanne Nardal (considres comme les figures inspiratrices du mouvement), Jacques Rabemananjara, Lon-Gontran Damas, Guy Tirolien, Birago Diop et Ren Depestre.
Khalid Donnel Robinson, n le 11 fvrier 1998  Fort Stewart en Gorgie aux tats-Unis, dit Khalid, est un auteur-compositeur-interprte amricain.
Le terme gnrique paganisme est employ depuis le IVesicle par des chrtiens pour dsigner la religion de ceux qui ne sont ni chrtiens ni juifs.
Dans les familles d'instruments, on dsigne comme soprano tout instrument dont l'ambitus se situe au-dessus de tous ceux de sa famille.
L'Associazione Calcio Milan  (association de football de Milan), connu sous le nom d'AC Milan, est un club de football italien fond le 16 dcembre 1899 sous le nom initial de Milan Foot-Ball and Cricket Club.
LOutaouais est une rgion administrative du Qubec, au Canada, sur la rive nord de la rivire des Outaouais, partageant une frontire avec l'Ontario.
American Dad! est une srie tlvise d'animation et sitcom anime amricaine pour adultes cre par Seth MacFarlane, Mike Barker, et Matt Weitzman pour le bloc de programmations Animation Domination diffus depuis le 6 fvrier 2005 sur le rseau Fox, puis sur la chane TBS.
Un kodomo (?, litt. enfant) est un manga ou un anime destins plus particulirement aux enfants.
Un explosif est dfini par un mlange de corps qui, lors de leur transformation, sont susceptibles de dgager en un temps trs court un grand volume de gaz port  haute temprature, ce qui constitue une explosion.
En thorie, on diffrencie les antalgiques, qui ont pour rle de diminuer la douleur, et les analgsiques, qui suppriment la sensibilit  la douleur.
Enrico Dandolo, en latin Henricus Dandulus, (n en 110  Venise  mort en mai 1205  Constantinople) fut le 41e doge de Venise, lu en 1192.
L'universit Harvard (en anglais: Harvard University), ou plus simplement Harvard, est une universit prive amricaine situe  Cambridge, ville de l'agglomration de Boston, dans le Massachusetts.
Une monarchie constitutionnelle est un type de rgime politique qui reconnat un monarque lu ou hrditaire comme chef de l'tat, mais o une constitution limite ses pouvoirs.
Les Octodons (Octodon) sont un genre qui comprend plusieurs espces de petits rongeurs de la famille des Octodontidae que l'on rencontre dans la cordillre des Andes, principalement dans les montagnes du Chili.
Le maltais (en maltais: Malti) est une langue chamito-smitique (ou afro-asiatique) de la famille des langues smitiques.
Un gteau de riz est un entremets servi froid ou tide  base de riz au lait li  l'uf, cuit au four dans un moule pour qu'il prenne la consistance d'un gteau .
Le Poitou (en poitevin Poetou) est une ancienne province franaise, comprenant les actuels dpartements de la Vende (Bas-Poitou), Deux-Svres et de la Vienne (Haut-Poitou) ainsi que des parties nord-est de la Charente-Maritime, nord de la Charente et ouest de la Haute-Vienne.
Le coup d'tat du 2 dcembre 1851 est l'acte par lequel, en violation de la lgitimit constitutionnelle, Louis-Napolon Bonaparte, prsident de la Deuxime Rpublique franaise depuis trois ans, conserve le pouvoir  quelques mois de la fin de son mandat alors que la Constitution de la Deuxime Rpublique lui interdisait de se reprsenter.
Margaret Bergmann-Lambert ne Bergmann, connue comme Gretel Bergmann (12 avril 1914  Laupheim (royaume de Wurtemberg)  25 juillet 2017 dans le Queens  New York (tats-Unis)), est une athlte juive allemande spcialiste du saut en hauteur.
Alexandra Kwiatkowska-Viatteau, ne en 1948  Cracovie, est une universitaire et journaliste franaise d'origine polonaise, spcialiste de l'histoire de la Pologne contemporaine et de l'Union sovitique.
La structure innovante du btiment a t dessine par Frank Gehry dans le style qui l'a rendu clbre.
Jillian Rose Banks (ne le 16 juin 1988), plus connue par son seul nom de famille Banks (gnralement crit tout en majuscule, soit BANKS), est une chanteuse et parolire amricaine des environs de Los Angeles, Californie.
Carl Ransom Rogers, n le 8 janvier 1902  Oak Park (Illinois) et mort le 4 fvrier 1987  La Jolla (Californie), est un psychologue humaniste amricain.
Alexis-Henri-Charles Clrel, comte de Tocqueville, ou Alexis de Tocqueville, n le 29 juillet 1805  Paris et mort le 16 avril 1859  Cannes, est un magistrat, philosophe, politiste, prcurseur de la sociologie et homme politique franais.
Voir aussi: Liste des sicles, Chiffres romains Le IIIesicle (ou 3esicle) commence le 1er janvier 201 et finit le 31 dcembre 300.
Il compte Actuellement[Quand?] 15 familles, 321 genres et 2651 espces.
John Quincy Adams, n le 11 juillet 1767  Braintree (Massachusetts) et mort le 23 fvrier 1848  Washington, D.C., est un homme d'tat amricain, sixime prsident des tats-Unis pour un unique mandat de 1825  1829.
Possde (The Possession), ou La Possession au Qubec, est un film d'horreur amricano-canadien ralis par Ole Bornedal, sorti en 2012.
Le Congo, en forme longue la rpublique du Congo[a], est un pays d'Afrique centrale, situ de part et d'autre de l'quateur.
La montagne Pele est un volcan gris actif situ dans le Nord de la Martinique, le franaise des petites Antilles dont elle est le point culminant.
La pollution lumineuse est  la fois la prsence nocturne anormale ou gnante de lumire et les consquences de l'clairage artificiel nocturne sur la faune, la flore, la fonge (le rgne des champignons), les cosystmes ainsi que les effets suspects ou avrs sur la sant humaine.
Rambo 3 (Rambo III) est un film d'action amricain ralis par Peter MacDonald, sorti en 1988.
General Electric (GE) est un conglomrat amricain fond en 1892 par la fusion d'une partie de Thomson-Houston Electric Company et d'Edison General Electric Company.
Les roches magmatiques ou roches ignes[a] (anciennement, roches ruptives[b]), se forment quand un magma se refroidit et se solidifie, avec ou sans cristallisation complte des minraux le composant.
Moby-Dick (titre original en anglais: Moby-Dick; or, The Whale; Moby-Dick; ou, le Cachalot) est un roman de l'crivain amricain Herman Melville paru en 1851, dont le titre provient du surnom donn  un grand cachalot au centre de l'intrigue.
Le plan XVII est un plan militaire de l'Arme franaise prpar en 1913, applicable  partir du 15 avril 1914 et mis en uvre le 2 aot de la mme anne, au dclenchement de la Premire Guerre mondiale.
K-pop (abrviation de Korean pop, franais: pop corenne, coren: , RR: keipap) est un terme dsignant plusieurs genres musicaux (dance-pop, pop ballad, lectronique, etc.) originaires de Core du Sud, caractriss par une large varit d'lments audiovisuels et abrgs au terme de K-pop.
En gomtrie, un pav droit, ou paralllpipde rectangle, est une figure solide dlimite par six faces rectangulaires (bote rectangulaire).
Lordre toscan originel est un ordre architectural contemporain de l'ordre dorique grec, plus pur que lui.
Le punk rock est un genre musical driv du rock, apparu au milieu des annes 1970 et associ au mouvement punk de cette mme poque.
Benjamin Chase Harper dit Ben Harper (n le 28 octobre 1969  Claremont, Californie) est un guitariste, auteur, compositeur et chanteur amricain, accompagn de diffrents groupes (The Innocent Criminals, The Blind Boys of Alabama, Relentless Seven) avec lesquels il pratique une musique mlant les influences folk, blues, gospel, rock, funk et reggae.
FIFA 12 (FIFA Soccer 12 en Amrique du Nord) est un jeu vido de football dvelopp par EA Canada et dit par Electronic Arts, commercialis en 2011 sur Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, PlayStation 2 et Wii.
Lopra de Sydney (en anglais: Sydney Opera House),  Sydney (Nouvelle-Galles du Sud, Australie), est l'un des plus clbres btiments du XXesicle et un haut-lieu de reprsentation des arts notamment lyriques.
L'nergie cintique du courant d'eau, naturel ou gnr par la diffrence de niveau, est transforme en nergie mcanique par une turbine hydraulique, puis en nergie lectrique par une gnratrice lectrique synchrone.
 Paris, il a entre autres pour lves Paul Czanne, Paul Gauguin, Jean Pesk et Henri-Martin Lamotte.
John Coltrane (surnomm Trane) est un saxophoniste de jazz, compositeur et chef de formation musicale afro-amricain, n  Hamlet en Caroline du Nord le 23 septembre 1926 et mort  Huntington, tat de New York, le 17 juillet 1967.
L'Esquilin (en latin: Esquilinus ou Exquilinus) est l'une des sept collines de Rome, situe  l'est du centre historique de la ville.
Indiana Jones et le Royaume du crne de cristal (Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull) est un film d'aventures amricain ralis par Steven Spielberg et sorti en 2008.
L'Aude (prononc /od/) est un dpartement franais de la rgion Occitanie, qui se situe dans le Sud de la France.
Viterbe (en italien: Viterbo; en dialecte viterbais: Veterbe) est une ville d'environ 67000habitants, chef-lieu de la province de mme nom dans le Latium, en Italie.
Le Montpellier Handball est le club le plus couronn avec quatorze titres de champion de France devant le Paris Saint-Germain et ses 9 titres dont son huitime titre d'affile en 2022.
Le terme ping-pong est plutt utilis pour dsigner le jeu de loisirs, alors que tennis de table est utilis pour dsigner la pratique sportive.
Cette nappe, qui rsulte du dversement volontaire ou accidentel d'une quantit importante de ptrole brut ou de produits ptroliers lourds  la mer, est ensuite ramene vers la cte par l'effet des mares, des vents ou de courants.
Dnipro (en ukrainien: ) ou Dniepr (en russe: )  jusqu'en 1926 Ekaterinoslav ou Iekaterinoslav, de 1926  2016 Dnipropetrovsk (retranscrit de lukrainien) ou Dniepropetrovsk (retranscrit du russe)  est une ville d'Ukraine et la capitale administrative de l'oblast de Dnipropetrovsk.
Avec une altitude de 4507mtres, il est le plus haut sommet des montagnes des Virunga et ses pentes incluses dans le parc national des Volcans abritent quelques-unes des dernires populations sauvages de gorilles au monde.
Centrocercus urophasianus Le Ttras des armoises (Centrocercus urophasianus) est une espce d'oiseaux de la famille des Phasianidae.
Une maquiladora, ou son abrviation maquila, est un type d'usine qui se situe  la frontire nord du Mexique, ou parfois ailleurs en Amrique Centrale, et qui assemble  bas cot des produits d'exportation.
Le thtre (couter) est  la fois l'art de la reprsentation d'un drame ou d'une comdie, un genre littraire particulier, et l'difice dans lequel se droulent les spectacles de thtre.
Une maladie chronique (du grec ancien: / krnos, temps) dsigne une maladie dont les effets persistent dans le temps, en gnral plus de trois mois.
Juan Vicente Prez Mora, n le 27 mai 1909  El Cobre (dans l'tat de Tchira), est un supercentenaire vnzulien.
Madagascar (Madagasikara), en forme longue rpublique de Madagascar (Repoblikan'i Madagasikara), est un tat insulaire situ dans l'Ocan Indien et gographiquement rattach au continent africain, dont il est spar par le canal du Mozambique.
Bienne est une ville officiellement bilingue tout comme le canton de Berne.
Christophe Laussucq, n le 20 mai 1973  Bordeaux, est un joueur international franais de rugby  XV, voluant au poste de demi de mle, et reconverti au poste d'entraneur.
La dysphasie est un trouble central li au dveloppement du langage oral et [elle peut] toucher les aspects rceptifs (dcoder le langage reu) et/ou expressifs (phonologiques, lexicaux, syntaxiques).
Charles Martel (en latin: Carolus Martellus; en allemand: Karl Martell), n vers   Andenne actuellement en Belgique et mort le 22 octobre 741  Quierzy, est un homme dtat et chef militaire franc qui, en tant que duc des Francs et maire du palais, tait de facto dirigeant de la Francie de 718 jusqu' sa mort,,.
Les Nerviens (Nervii en latin) taient l'un des plus puissants peuples belges du nord/nord-est de la Gaule (Gaule belgique dans la terminologie romaine).
Baalbek (crit aussi Balbek, Baalbeck, Baalback, Balbeck, Balback ou Baalbec, en arabe ), ou Hliopolis  l'poque hellnistique, est une ville du Liban d'environ 80000habitants, chef-lieu du district de Baalbek.
Le milieu intergalactique possde les principales caractristiques des plasmas malgr sa trs faible densit: il peut possder un champ magntique, est un excellent conducteur lectrique et peut prsenter des effets de filamentation et de double-couche.
Pel dclare ainsi: Si je suis le Roi du football, alors Ben Barek en est le Dieu.
Le calisson (de la langue doc calissoun) est une spcialit culinaire de la cuisine provenale, confiserie en forme de navette,  base de pte de fruits de melon confit (ou d'autres fruits confits) et d'amandes broys ensemble, nappe de glaage royal, pose sur un fond de pain azyme.
Villeneuve-Saint-Georges est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement du Val-de-Marne, en rgion le-de-France.
Jacques Offenbach /ak fnbak/ (de l'allemand Jakob Offenbach /jakp fnbax/), n le 20 juin 1819  Cologne et mort le 5 octobre 1880  Paris est un compositeur et violoncelliste allemand naturalis franais.
Kylie Kristen Jenner, ne le 10 aot 1997  Los Angeles (Californie), est une personnalit de la tlralit amricaine et influenceuse sur Instagram.
Les Delphinids (Delphinidae) forment une famille de mammifres marins odontoctes, comprenant entre autres les dauphins, les stnelles, les globicphales et les orques.
Outre une mdaille d'argent aux Jeux olympiques d't de 1912 sur 5000mtres, il a gagn trois fois de suite le Cross des nations, considr alors comme le championnat du monde de la discipline.
Le vol 370 Malaysia Airlines (MH370/ MAS370[N ) est un vol international de passagers exploit par Malaysia Airlines qui a disparu le 8 mars 2014 alors qu'il volait de l'aroport international de Kuala Lumpur en Malaisie  sa destination prvue, l'aroport international de Pkin, en Chine.
Sousse (arabe: , Ssa, /sus/ couter) est une ville portuaire de l'Est de la Tunisie, situe  143 kilomtres au sud de Tunis, et ouverte sur le golfe d'Hammamet (mer Mditerrane).
Une tempte est un phnomne mtorologique violent  large chelle dite synoptique, avec un diamtre compris en gnral entre 200et 1000km, caractris par des vents rapides et des prcipitations intenses.
Mathieu Valbuena, n le 28 septembre 1984  Bruges dans la banlieue de Bordeaux (France), est un footballeur international franais qui volue au poste de milieu de terrain  l'Olympiakos.
L'Intercity-Express (ICE; en Autriche et Suisse: InterCityExpress) dsigne l'offre premium[passage promotionnel] de la Deutsche Bahn, mais galement les diffrentes sries de trains  grande vitesse utilises par ce service commercial.
Ablis [abli] couter  est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement des Yvelines en rgion le-de-France.
Un milliardaire, ou billionnaire dans les pays qui utilisent l'chelle courte, est une personne qui a une situation nette d'au moins un milliard d'units d'une monnaie, gnralement en dollar amricain.
Gray (prononc [e]) est une commune de l'Est de la France, situe dans le dpartement de la Haute-Sane, la rgion culturelle et historique de Franche-Comt et la rgion administrative de Bourgogne-Franche-Comt.
La Coupe du monde de rugby  XV 2007 (sixime dition) se droule du 7 septembre au 20 octobre 2007 en France, au pays de Galles (quatre matches dont un quart de finale) et en cosse (deux matches).
Anna de Noailles, ne Anna Elisabeth Bassaraba de Brancovan, est une potesse et une romancire franaise d'origines roumaine et grecque, ne  Paris le 15 novembre 1876 et morte dans la mme ville le 30 avril 1933.
La Cabane magique (titre original: Magic Tree House) est une srie de romans crs par Mary Pope Osborne et illustrs par Philipe Masson.
En tant que genre musical, le rock alternatif inclut divers sous-genres qui mergrent de la scne indpendante des annes 1980, comme le grunge, la Britpop, le rock indpendant et le shoegaze.
Freda Josephine McDonald, dite Josphine Baker, est une chanteuse, danseuse, actrice, meneuse de revue et rsistante franaise dorigine amricaine, ne le 3 juin 1906  Saint-Louis (Missouri) et morte le 12 avril 1975  Paris.
La roue  aubes est une roue de construction particulire, munie de pales (ou aubes), permettant de crer ou de restituer un mouvement rotatif d'axe au dpart d'un mouvement linaire de fluide.
lisabeth tait la fille du roi Henri VIII, et le cinquime et dernier membre de la dynastie des Tudor sur le trne anglais.
Sa capitale tait la ville de Louhansk, importante ville russophone et ukrainophone de l'est de l'Ukraine situe dans le Donbass.
Le championnat de France de rugby  XIII, aujourd'hui appel championnat de France lite 1, est une comptition annuelle mettant aux prises les meilleurs clubs professionnels de rugby  XIII en France.
Le prsident de la Nation argentine (en espagnol: Presidente de la Nacin Argentina) est le chef de l'tat et du gouvernement de l'Argentine depuis 1826.
L'arithmancie ou arithmomancie est une technique de divination base sur les chiffres de 1  9.
Maurice Rat, est un crivain, philologue, pdagogue,  traducteur et critique littraire franais, n le 2 mars 1891  Mignaloux-Beauvoir, (Vienne) et mort le 13 mai 1969  l'Hpital Boucicaut dans le 15earrondissement de Paris.
La bataille de Waterloo [watlo] s'est droule le 18 juin 1815, en Belgique,  vingt kilomtres au sud de Bruxelles, dans l'actuelle province du Brabant wallon.
Dihya (en amazighe: ), aussi connue sous le surnom de Al Kahina ou Al Kahena (: La prtresse) chez les arabes, est une reine guerrire berbre qui combat les Omeyyades, lors de la conqute musulmane du Maghreb au VIIesicle.
Le Pilat est un massif montagneux situ  l'est du Massif central, qui culmine au crt de la Perdrix  1431mtres d'altitude, constituant une rgion naturelle franaise.
Donna Theo Strickland, ne le 27 mai 1959  Guelph au Canada, est une physicienne canadienne pionnire dans le domaine des lasers.
Forbes est un magazine conomique amricain fond en 1917 par Bertie Charles Forbes.
La Rioja [laioa] (prononc [la rjoxa] en castillan) est une communaut autonome du nord de l'Espagne, provinciale, sans littoral, traverse par l'bre et la Oja, limite par le Pays basque au nord, par la Navarre au nord et  l'est, par l'Aragon  l'est et par la Castille-et-Len au sud et  l'ouest.
Le canton de Berne (BE, en allemand: Kanton Bern) est l'un des 26 cantons de la Suisse, bilingue allemand-franais.
Le Mouvement rformateur (MR) est un parti politique belge de centre droit, d'inspiration librale et prsent en Belgique francophone.
Les lections du Parlement europen, ou lections europennes, sont des lections multinationales destines  lire les dlgations de dputs du Parlement europen pour des mandats quinquennaux fixes.
Les Knicks de New York (New York Knicks en anglais) sont une franchise amricaine de basket-ball voluant dans la National Basketball Association (NBA), base dans larrondissement de New York  Manhattan.
Cr en Norvge  la fin du XIXesicle, le combin nordique est au programme olympique depuis la premire dition et figure aux championnats du monde depuis 1925.
La premire station de la srie, Saliout 1, est lance en 1971.
Polypodium vulgare Le Polypode commun (Polypodium vulgare L.) est une fougre de la famille des Polypodiaceae.
Dante Alighieri (Durante degli Alighieri dit Dante; en italien:[dante alijri]) est un pote, crivain, penseur et homme politique florentin n entre la mi-mai et la mi-juin 1265  Florence et mort le 14 septembre 1321  Ravenne. Pre de la langue italienne,, il est, avec Ptrarque et Boccace, l'une des trois couronnes qui imposrent le toscan comme langue littraire.
Le voltmtre   est un appareil qui permet de mesurer la tension (ou diffrence de potentiel lectrique) entre deux points, grandeur dont l'unit de mesure est le volt (V).Le plus souvent, il peut mesurer des tensions continues et alternatives.
Cupressus macrocarpa Le cyprs de Lambert ou cyprs de Monterey (Cupressus macrocarpa) est une espce d'arbre de la famille des Cupressaces, endmique de la cte centrale de la Californie.
Son chef-lieu est la ville de Cagliari.
Elle est connue pour hberger quatre exoplantes, toutes de taille similaire  la Terre, l'une d'entre elles rsidant dans la zone habitable.
La bronchopneumopathie chronique obstructive, abrge BPCO, est un groupe de maladies chroniques systmiques respiratoires, affectant souvent les bronches puis les poumons.
Florianpolis est une ville brsilienne, capitale de l'tat de Santa Catarina depuis 1823, situe sur l'le de Santa Catarina.
Thomas Jefferson, n le 13 avril 1743  Shadwell (Virginie) et mort le 4 juillet 1826  Monticello (Virginie), est un homme d'tat amricain, principal rdacteur de la Dclaration d'indpendance des tats-Unis en 1776, puis secrtaire d'tat entre 1790 et 1793, vice-prsident de 1797  1801, troisime prsident des tats-Unis de 1801  1809.
Un smoothie (de smooth, doux ou onctueux, en anglais) est une recette traditionnelle de boisson crmeuse mixe, de la cuisine des tats-Unis,  base de jus de fruits entiers, ou de lgumes frais, parfois mlangs  des jus de fruits, produits laitiers (lait, yaourt, fromage blanc), crales, glace pile, ou complments alimentaires,...
Yaound, souvent appel Gola en bti, langue de l'ethnie autochtone, la ville aux sept collines/montagnes, est la capitale politique du Cameroun.
Le Championnat de France de football de National 2, simplifi National 2 ou N2 (et anciennement connu sous le nom de Championnat de France amateur de football ou CFA) est une comptition franaise de football qui est l'quivalent d'une quatrime division, derrire la Ligue 1, la Ligue 2 et le National.
La personnification est une figure de style, un procd littraire relevant de l'anthropomorphisme, qui consiste  attribuer des proprits humaines  un animal ou  une chose inanime (objet concret ou abstraction) que l'on fait vouloir, parler, agir,  qui l'on s'adresse.
La Barbe bleue est un conte populaire dont la version la plus clbre est celle de Charles Perrault, parue en 1697 dans Les Contes de ma mre l'Oye.
En Belgique, Electrabel est historiquement le plus grand producteur et fournisseur d'lectricit.
Un tunnelier est une machine permettant d'excaver des tunnels dans des sols et des roches varies allant du sable au granite.
Le Messerschmitt Bf 110 (appel ensuite Me 110) tait un chasseur moyen bimoteur allemand, en service dans la Luftwaffe pendant la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Elle est, durant les annes 1960, le mannequin le mieux pay au monde.
Bourdon Les bourdons sont des insectes sociaux du genre Bombus et de la famille des Apidae.
Il est compos des frres Dimitri Thivaios (Dimitri Vegas) et Michael Thivaios (Like Mike), originaire de Willebroeck.
Lquivalent fminin est la bat-mitsvah, par laquelle la jeune fille juive atteint sa majorit religieuse,  lge de 12ans.
Dresde (/dzd/; en allemand: Dresden /desdn/ couter; en sorabe: Drjedany) est une ville-arrondissement dAllemagne, capitale politique et deuxime ville la plus peuple de la Saxe derrire Leipzig.
Un logement social est un logement destin,  la suite d'une initiative publique ou prive,  des personnes qui ont des difficults  se loger le plus souvent pour des raisons financires .
L'astronomie est la science de l'observation des astres, cherchant  expliquer leur origine, leur volution, ainsi que leurs proprits physiques et chimiques.
Gliese 581 g (Gl 581 g), surnomme Zarmina par son dcouvreur Steve Vogt d'aprs le prnom de sa femme, est une exoplante  l'existence non confirme, dtecte par la mthode des vitesses radiales dans le systme plantaire de l'toile Gliese 581, une naine rouge de 0,31masses solaires situe  quelque 20,3annes-lumire (soit 6,2pc) de la Terre, dans la constellation de la Balance.
La ville de Dover est la capitale de l'tat du Delaware, aux tats-Unis.
Buzz l'clair (Lightyear) ou Lightyear au Qubec est un film danimation amricain d'Angus MacLane, sorti en 2022.
Une dictature est un rgime politique dans lequel une personne ou un groupe de personnes exercent tous les pouvoirs de faon absolue, sans qu'aucune loi ou institution ne les limitent; il faut prciser que mme un rgime autoritaire peut avoir des lois, des institutions, voire un parlement avec des dputs lus, mais pas librement et ne reprsentant donc pas des contre-pouvoirs.
Les crales sont des plantes monocotyldones de la famille des poaces (les gramines), sauvages ou cultives, qui produisent des grains comestibles, utiliss principalement en alimentation humaine, souvent moulus sous forme de farine raffine ou plus ou moins complte.
La Gueldre (en nerlandais: Gelderland; en bas saxon: Gelderlaand) est la deuxime plus grande province des Pays-Bas, avec une superficie totale de 5 136,31km2, dans leur partie centre-est.
Sousse (arabe: , Ssa, /sus/ couter) est une ville portuaire de l'Est de la Tunisie, situe  143 kilomtres au sud de Tunis, et ouverte sur le golfe d'Hammamet (mer Mditerrane).
TFO (Tlvision franaise de l'Ontario) est une chane de tlvision ducative et culturelle de langue franaise de la province canadienne de l'Ontario, diffusant principalement des missions pour enfants, des documentaires et du cinma de rpertoire.
Le Loup et le Chien est la cinquime fable du Livre I des Fables de La Fontaine, dit pour la premire fois en 1668.
Le temps de Planck, ou de faon plus correcte dure de Planck, est en physique l'unit de temps du systme des units de Planck.
Fontainebleau (prononc [f.tn.blo]) est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de Seine-et-Marne en rgion le-de-France,  57kilomtres[Note  au sud-est de Paris.
Le texte est constitu d'une lettre attribue  l'aptre Paul et adresse  l'glise d'phse (situe dans l'actuelle Turquie).
Un site de rencontres est un site web qui permet aux individus d'entrer en contact et de communiquer afin de dvelopper une relation plus ou moins longue de nature sentimentale, rotique ou amicale.
Le canton du Valais (VS, en allemand: Kanton Wallis) est l'un des 26 cantons de la Suisse.
Grard Titus-Carmel, n le 10 octobre 1942 dans le 20e arrondissement de Paris, est un peintre, graveur, crivain, pote et dessinateur franais.
L'art de la Renaissance ou Renaissance artistique est une composante importante de la priode de la Renaissance du renouveau humaniste de la littrature, des arts et des sciences qui se produisit en Europe du XIVe au XVIesicle.
Loreille est l'organe qui sert  capter et intensifier le son.
Le gotique n'a donn naissance  aucune des langues germaniques actuelles, mais son caractre archaque le rend particulirement prcieux en linguistique compare.
Ahmet Davutolu, n le 26 fvrier 1959  Takent, dans le district de Konya, est un universitaire, diplomate et homme d'tat turc, Premier ministre de Turquie du 28 aot 2014 au 22 mai 2016 et prsident du Parti de la justice et du dveloppement (AKP) du 27 aot 2014 au 22 mai 2016.
La Neo-Geo, appele aussi Neo Geo Advanced Entertainment System, est une console de jeu vido sortie en 1990  la location et en 1991  la vente.
Le rhythm and blues, ou rhythm 'n' blues, abrg en R&B (ou R'n'B ou RnB, pour la mme prononciation), est un genre de musique populaire afro-amricaine ayant merg dans les annes 1940.
Euro Truck Simulator 2 est un jeu de simulation de poids lourd et la suite d'Euro Truck Simulator dvelopp par SCS Software pour Windows, Linux et Mac OS; sorti le 19 octobre 2012.
Arnaudville est une ville de Louisiane situe  cheval sur les paroisses civiles de Saint-Landry et Saint-Martin.
Dfenseur latral puis central, il gagne ensuite le Championnat d'Europe 2000 et la Coupe des Confdrations 2003 avec la slection, puis dispute la finale de la Coupe du monde 2006.
En grammaire franaise, le pronom personnel est une catgorie de pronoms servant  dsigner les trois types de personnes grammaticales.
Le comt de Hutchinson, en anglais: Hutchinson County, est un comt situ dans le Panhandle au nord de l'tat du Texas aux tats-Unis.
 la suite de la dislocation de l'URSS en 1991, l'Ukraine retrouve son indpendance.
Ses habitants sont appels les Lunellois ou  Lunelloises.
Le nom de pur-sang peut en thorie faire rfrence  plusieurs races de chevaux, et par extension, races animales.
Le parc national volcanique de Lassen (en anglais: Lassen Volcanic National Park), parfois appel parc national Lassen Volcanic, est un parc national amricain caractris par ses paysages volcaniques.
Moncton (prononc en franais: /mk.tn/[Note ; en anglais: /mk.tn/) est une ville canadienne situe dans le comt de Westmorland, dans le sud-est du Nouveau-Brunswick, en Acadie.
Elle tire son nom de la Compagnie des mines de Courrires qui exploitait le gisement de charbon du bassin minier du Nord-Pas-de-Calais dans le Pas-de-Calais et fournissait  l'poque 7% de la production nationale de charbon.
Windows 8 a t prsent en grande pompe,  l'instar des anciennes versions (7, Vista ou XP), le 25 octobre 2012, avant la sortie grand public le lendemain pour les diffrentes plates-formes (tablettes, PC et smartphones[N ).
Obi-Wan Kenobi, galement dit Ben Kenobi, est un personnage de fiction dans l'univers de la srie cinmatographique Star Wars, cre par George Lucas.
La peine de mort, ou peine capitale, est une peine prvue par la loi consistant  excuter une personne ayant t reconnue coupable d'une faute qualifie de crime capital.
L'accord commercial anti-contrefaon (ACAC), plus connu sous l'acronyme ACTA (pour Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement), est un trait international multilatral sur le renforcement des droits de proprit intellectuelle, ngoci de 2006  2010 par une quarantaine de pays.
LUnion europenne de radio-tlvision (UER, en anglais: European Broadcasting Union, EBU) est une organisation internationale cre en 1950, la plus importante association professionnelle de radiodiffuseurs nationaux dans le monde avec 117organisations membres dans 56pays dEurope, dAfrique du Nord et du Proche-Orient, et 34affilis dans 21pays dautres rgions du monde.
Un jour fri est un jour de fte civile, religieuse ou commmorant un vnement.
L'expression socialisme dmocratique dsigne, dans son acception la plus rpandue, un ensemble de courants socialistes caractriss par la conviction que la construction d'une socit socialiste, o existerait l'galit la plus grande possible et o rgnerait la justice, est compatible avec le respect des principes dmocratiques.
La liste des monarques d'Angleterre runit les rois et reines qui ont rgn sur le royaume d'Angleterre de sa cration au dbut du Xesicle jusqu' sa disparition en 1707.
Une galaxie spirale est un type de galaxie contenant jusqu' plusieurs centaines de milliards d'toiles et qui adopte la forme aplatie d'un disque, avec un renflement central sphrique lumineux appel le bulbe.
Puissance 4 (appel aussi parfois 4 en ligne) est un jeu de stratgie combinatoire abstrait, commercialis pour la premire fois en 1974 par la Milton Bradley Company, plus connue sous le nom de MB et dtenue depuis 1984 par la socit Hasbro.
PortAventura World est un complexe de loisirs espagnol de 1,19km2 (119ha)[a] situ sur les communes de Vila-seca et Salou, dans la province de Tarragone, sur la Costa Daurada.
La Cathdrale Notre-Dame, est un difice religieux catholique de grande anciennet sis au cur de la ville de Tournai, en Belgique, dont elle est lglise-cathdrale (diocse de Tournai).
Une tour de sauvetage, sur une fuse spatiale, est un dispositif utilis sur les vols spatiaux habits qui permet, lorsque le lancement d'une fuse choue au dcollage ou dans les premires phases de vol, d'loigner le vaisseau contenant l'quipage de la fuse en le mettant hors de porte de l'explosion du lanceur.
Un taxon Lazare est un taxon, le plus souvent une espce ou un groupe animal mais parfois une espce ou un groupe vgtal, qu'on a cru teint mais qu'on redcouvre vivant, ou bien un taxon qui n'apparat pas dans le registre fossile pendant une priode significative de l'histoire de la Terre et qui semble rapparatre  un moment donn.
ther ou ther est un dieu primordial dans la mythologie grecque de l'Antiquit.
La dark wave, ou darkwave (prononc [dkwev] en anglais britannique ou [dkwev] en anglais amricain), est un genre musical, apparent au mouvement gothique,, ayant merg dans les annes 1970, en parallle au pic de popularit de la new wave et au post-punk.
La Gironde est l'estuaire commun de deux fleuves: la Garonne et la Dordogne, qui joignent leur cours au bec d'Ambs.
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories est un jeu vido d'action-aventure en monde ouvert dvelopp par les studios Rockstar Leeds et Rockstar North et distribu par Rockstar Games.
Le surimi, appel souvent  tort btonnet de crabe, est un produit alimentaire ralis  base de chair ou de pte de poisson, appele  (surimi, poisson hach?) en japonais.
Meaux est, avec Provins, Torcy et Fontainebleau, l'une des quatre sous-prfectures du dpartement de Seine-et-Marne, Melun tant la prfecture.
Sa capitale et sa plus grande ville est Nouakchott.
La matire organique (MO) est la matire fabrique par les tres vivants (vgtaux, animaux, champignons et autres dcomposeurs dont micro-organismes).
Le jeu a fait l'objet de deux suites, Luigi's Mansion 2, sorti sur Nintendo 3DS en 2013, et Luigi's Mansion 3, sorti sur Nintendo Switch en 2019.
Jean-Baptiste Klber, n le 9 mars 1753  Strasbourg et assassin le 14 juin 1800 au Caire en gypte, est un gnral franais qui s'est illustr lors des guerres de la Rvolution franaise, notamment lors de la guerre de Vende et la campagne d'gypte.
Le nombre dix, not 10 dans le systme dcimal, est l'entier naturel qui suit neuf et qui prcde onze.
Grimpoteuthis est un genre d'octopodes de la famille des Opisthoteuthidae (sous-ordre des Cirrina ou cirrates).
Elle est la mre de Saint Louis,  qui elle donne une ducation trs pieuse, et exerce la rgence entre la mort de son mari, Louis VIII, et la majorit de son fils.
La Bretagne (Britannia en latin) est la province romaine qui, du premier au cinquime sicle, couvrait une partie de l'le de Grande-Bretagne correspondant  des territoires qui devinrent par la suite ceux de l'Angleterre, du pays de Galles et du sud de l'cosse.
Le Baron perch (titre original en italien: Il Barone rampante) est un roman d'Italo Calvino publi en 1957 aux ditions Einaudi et ayant reu la mme anne le prix Viareggio (ex-quo avec Le ceneri di Gramsci de Pier Paolo Pasolini).
Rtromobile est un salon annuel consacr aux voitures anciennes traitant de lensemble des thmes de la voiture de collection, qui se tient au Parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles  Paris.
Chalicotherium (animal du gravier en grec, prononc calicotriom  la franaise et parfois francis en chalicothre) est un genre teint de prissodactyles, de la famille des Chalicotheriidae qui a vcu en Europe au cours du Miocne, entre -15 et 8millions d'annes.
Albert Speer est un architecte et un homme d'tat allemand, ministre du Troisime Reich et proche de Hitler, n le 19 mars 1905  Mannheim (Empire allemand) et mort le 1er septembre 1981  Londres (Royaume-Uni).
L'Institut Pasteur est une fondation franaise prive  but non lucratif qui se consacre  l'tude de la biologie, des micro-organismes, des maladies et des vaccins.
mile Adolphe Gustave Verhaeren, n  Saint-Amand dans la province d'Anvers (Belgique) le 21 mai 1855 et mort accidentellement  Rouen le 27 novembre 1916, est un pote belge flamand, d'expression franaise.
Magdebourg, en allemand Magdeburg, est une ville d'Allemagne orientale, capitale du Land de Saxe-Anhalt, sur les rives de l'Elbe.
Moroni (en arabe: ) est la capitale fdrale de l'Union des Comores et le chef-lieu de la prfecture de Moroni-Bambao.
Un chteau de sable est une sculpture de sable, pouvant reprsenter une construction humaine (gnralement un chteau) ou simplement tre de forme quelconque: on peut alors difficilement le distinguer des sculptures de sable.
Le noir uni est reconnu par le LOOF en NRC (Nouvelle Race ou Couleur) et les couleurs issues du bleu sont enregistres par la CFA  des fins de suivis.
Aprs son titre de champion du monde 2018,  Madrid, il devient le 5 aot 2021, le premier champion olympique de karat, en s'imposant en -67 kg lors des Jeux de Tokyo 2021.
Le btail (terme collectif, sans pluriel) est l'ensemble des animaux d'levage, except celles de basse-cour et d'aquaculture.
Philippe IV (ou Felipe IV en espagnol), n  Valladolid le 8 avril 1605 et mort  Madrid le 17 septembre 1665, dit le Grand ou le roi-Plante, est roi des Espagnes et des Indes aprs la mort de son pre Philippe III d'Espagne, du 31 mars 1621  sa mort[Note .
N dans une famille pieuse, Francesco Forgione entre chez les frres mineurs capucins  Morcone et prend le nom de Pio.
Andilly est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de la Haute-Savoie, en rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes.
La signalisation routire dsigne lensemble des signaux conventionnels implants sur le domaine routier et destins  assurer la scurit des usagers de la route, soit en les informant des dangers et des prescriptions relatifs  la circulation ainsi que des lments utiles  la prise de dcisions, soit en leur indiquant les repres et quipements utiles  leurs dplacements.
Megantereon est un genre teint de grands flins appartenant  la sous-famille teinte des Machairodontinae (flins  dents de sabre) et  la tribu des Smilodontini.
Une licence libre est une licence s'appliquant  une uvre de l'esprit par laquelle l'auteur concde tous les droits ou une partie des droits que lui confre le droit d'auteur, en laissant au minimum quatre droits considrs fondamentaux aux utilisateurs: Ces liberts peuvent tre soumises  conditions, notamment l'application systmatique de la mme licence, ou d'une licence prodiguant les mmes droits aux utilisateurs, aux copies de l'uvre et aux uvres drives: un principe nomm copyleft.
Le Borussia Mnchengladbach a t aussi le premier club de l're professionnelle  remporter le championnat allemand deux fois d'affile (en 1970 et 1971).
Il s'agit du cinquime pisode de la srie Super Smash Bros..
Le massif comprend galement, sur son flanc ouest, le point culminant des Bouches-du-Rhne: le pic de Bertagne qui atteint l'altitude de 1042mtres.
Kung Fu Panda est un film d'animation amricain produit par DreamWorks Animation, ralis par Mark Osborne et John Stevenson, sorti en 2008.
La Dclaration universelle des droits de l'homme (DUDH) est adopte par l'Assemble gnrale des Nations unies le 10 dcembre 1948  Paris, au palais de Chaillot, par la rsolution 217 (III)
Peter Paul Montgomery Buttigieg, dit Pete Buttigieg (prononc en anglais: /pit butdd/), n le 19 janvier 1982  South Bend (Indiana), est un homme politique amricain.
Voici quelques expressions courantes de la langue franaise, dont l'origine, le plus souvent oublie, est une expression tire de la Bible sinon une allusion au texte de la Bible.
Le concours complet d'quitation (ou CCE) est un sport questre qui regroupe en une seule discipline trois preuves bien distinctes: une preuve de saut d'obstacles, une preuve de dressage et une preuve spcifique: le cross ou cross-country.
En informatique et en logique, un systme formel est dit complet au sens de Turing ou Turing-complet (par calque de langlais Turing-complete) sil possde un pouvoir expressif au moins quivalent  celui des machines de Turing.
Le caduce (du latin cdceus, lui-mme driv du grec ancien , krkeion, bton de messager) est un des attributs du dieu Herms dans la mythologie grecque, reprsent comme une baguette de laurier ou d'olivier surmont de deux ailes et entour de deux serpents entrelacs.
Un galet est un fragment de roche  laspect arrondi et lisse, engendr par usure mcanique et form par le mouvement des eaux.
L'Antonov An-225 Mriya (en ukrainien: -225 , signifiant aspiration, dsir ardent vers un objectif ou rve en franais, Code OTAN: Cossack) est un avion de transport trs gros porteur, conu dans les annes 1980 en unique exemplaire par l'OKB Antonov en Rpublique socialiste sovitique d'Ukraine.
La projection de Peters (ou projection de Gall-Peters d'aprs James Gall (1808-1895) et Arno Peters (1916-2002)) est une projection cartographique qui, contrairement  la projection de Mercator, permet de prendre en compte la superficie relle des continents.
Les Calliphoridae communment surnommes mouches vertes et bleues sont une famille de diptres brachycres calyptres ayant l'aspect de mouches aux couleurs mtalliques.
C'est un reptile venimeux qui se rencontre dans l'est des tats-Unis et l'extrme-sud du Canada, et mesure de 91  152cm  gnralement moins de 100cm  pour un poids de 500g  1,5kg.
Le terme gnrique insecticide inclut aussi les pesticides destins  lutter contre des arthropodes qui ne sont pas des insectes (ex: araignes ou acariens tels que les tiques) ainsi parfois que des rpulsifs.
WWE RAW est une mission tlvise de catch professionnel de la World Wrestling Entertainment qui est actuellement diffuse en direct le lundi soir sur USA Network ainsi que sur le WWE Network aux tats-Unis et 15 minutes de moins sur AB1, la chaine franaise.
Basilik kinstrn), aussi connue sous le nom turc Yerebatan Sarnc (la citerne enfouie sous terre), est une gigantesque citerne souterraine de Constantinople, la capitale de l'Empire byzantin, dont elle est l'un des monuments les plus spectaculaires encore visibles aujourd'hui  Istanbul.
James Dashner, n le 26 novembre 1972  Austell dans l'tat de Gorgie, est un romancier amricain spcialis en science-fiction et fantasy.
La guitare basse, basse lectrique ou simplement basse, est un instrument de musique  cordes conu selon le mme principe que la guitare lectrique, mais avec une tessiture plus grave.
La teen pop (ou pop adolescente) est un courant commercial de la musique pop, spcialement oriente vers le public adolescent,.
 maturit, la pulpe du kiwi gnralement verte (parfois jaune pour certaines varits) est sucre et acidule, entoure d'une peau souvent brune et duveteuse, et contient une centaine de minuscules graines noires comestibles.
La Charente-Maritime (/a.t.ma.i.tim/[Note ) est un dpartement franais situ dans le Sud-Ouest de la France et dans la moiti nord de la rgion Nouvelle-Aquitaine.
Les Columbidae (colombids ou columbids en franais) sont une famille d'oiseaux constitue d'une quarantaine de genres et d'un peu plus de 320 espces existantes de pigeons et apparents.
Philip Pullman, n le 19 octobre 1946  Norwich dans le Norfolk, est un crivain anglais connu pour le cycle littraire  la croise des mondes.
Boris Vian, n le 10 mars 1920  Ville-d'Avray (Seine-et-Oise) et mort le 23 juin 1959  Paris (7earrondissement), est un crivain, pote, parolier, chanteur, critique musical, musicien de jazz (trompettiste) et directeur artistique franais.
La ville de Dakar (en wolof: Ndakaaru) est la capitale de la Rpublique du Sngal et de la rgion de Dakar.
Il couvre prs de 20000km2, est long de 350km du nord au sud et large de 60km d'est en ouest, ce qui rend sa taille comparable  celle d'Isral ou  celle du Pays de Galles.
L'Aberdeen Football Club est un club cossais de football, bas  Aberdeen et fond en 1903.
Un chteau de sable est une sculpture de sable, pouvant reprsenter une construction humaine (gnralement un chteau) ou simplement tre de forme quelconque: on peut alors difficilement le distinguer des sculptures de sable.
Le Guizhou (chinois simplifi: ; chinois traditionnel: ; pinyin: guzhu, autrefois en franais: Kouy-Tchou) est une province intrieure au sud de la rpublique populaire de Chine dont le chef-lieu est Guiyang.
Franois Morellet, n le 30 avril 1926  Cholet (Maine-et-Loire) et mort le 11 mai 2016 dans cette mme ville, est un peintre, graveur et sculpteur franais.
La Coupe du monde de football 2006 est la dix-huitime dition de la Coupe du monde de football et s'est droule du 9 juin au 9 juillet 2006 en Allemagne, qui a t choisie en juin 2000 pour l'organiser.
La chaire (du latin cathedra, sige) ou plus compltement la chaire de vrit ou chaire  prcher, est  l'origine le sige d'un vque dans son glise principale (maintenant dsign sous le terme de cathdre).
L'affaire Stavisky est une crise politico-conomique franaise survenue en janvier 1934, succdant au dcs dans des circonstances mystrieuses de l'escroc Alexandre Stavisky.
Jakob Ludwig Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy, plus couramment appel Felix Mendelssohn (parfois Flix avec accent), n le 3 fvrier 1809  Hambourg et mort le 4 novembre 1847  Leipzig, est un compositeur, chef d'orchestre et pianiste allemand du dbut de la priode romantique.
Abeille europenne, Avette, Mouche  miel Abeille europenne, avette ou mouche  miel (Apis mellifera) est une abeille  miel originaire d'Europe.
Un talkie-walkie, ou walkie-talkie au Canada, est un metteur-rcepteur radio mobile servant aux liaisons radiotlphoniques tout en se dplaant  pied.
Les brodeuses et brodeurs utilisent des outils spcifiques, tels que l'aiguille  coudre ou le crochet  de nos jours souvent rservs au secteur de la haute-couture lorsqu'il sont faits  la main , la machine  broder, ou des machines industrielles.
Didier Deschamps, n le 15 octobre 1968  Bayonne (Pyrnes-Atlantiques), est un footballeur international franais, reconverti en entraneur.
Frans Hals (Anvers?, entre 1580 et   Haarlem, 26 aot 1666) est un peintre baroque nerlandais (Provinces-Unies), considr, avec Rembrandt et Johannes Vermeer, comme l'un des plus importants du sicle dor.
Le lancer du marteau est une discipline de l'athltisme, originaire d'anciennes pratiques celtes, qui consiste  lancer un boulet en acier de 16 livres anglaises (7,257 kg) pour les hommes et 4 kg pour les femmes, le plus loin possible.
L'alternance consonantique dsigne les modifications que subissent les consonnes  dans certaines langues  suivant les formes qui les suivent (ou les prcdent)
Srie 04 Les automotrices de la srie 04 de la SNCB, plus souvent appeles AM 96 (et parfois DMT) sont des automotrices triples moteurs  courant alternatif triphas.
Cr en 1932  sous le nom Division nationale, il devient en 1972 Division 1 (D1) et reoit en 2002 son nom actuel de Ligue 1 (L1).
Une unit de longueur est une unit, c'est--dire un talon, permettant d'exprimer la mesure physique.
Riri, Fifi et Loulou Duck (Huey, Dewey and Louie Duck en VO) sont des personnages de fiction de l'univers des canards crs en 1937 par Ted Osborne et Al Taliaferro pour les studios Disney.
Un clin est un contact physique entre deux personnes qui implique gnralement une treinte avec les bras ou une grande proximit.
Dans les sciences du vivant, la classification scientifique des espces (galement nomme classification biologique) correspond  l'association de la systmatique, qui est la mthode ou ensemble de mthodes permettant de classer le vivant, et de la taxonomie, qui est le rsultat de la mthode de classification.
Alexandra est un nom propre qui peut dsigner:
Les compagnies rpublicaines de scurit, couramment dsignes par leur sigle CRS, forment un corps spcialis de la Police nationale en France.
Le pouls est la perception du flux sanguin puls par le cur par la palpation d'une artre.
Jean Fouquet, n vers 1420, peut-tre  Tours (France), et mort entre 1478 et 1481, probablement dans la mme ville, est considr comme l'un des plus grands peintres de la premire Renaissance et le rnovateur de la peinture franaise du XVesicle.
Jackson Pollock, n le 28 janvier 1912  Cody dans le Wyoming et mort le 11 aot 1956  Springs dans l'tat de New York, est un peintre amricain de l'expressionnisme abstrait, mondialement connu de son vivant.
Le mercredi est habituellement considr comme le troisime jour de la semaine, notamment dans le calendrier grgorien; dans certains autres calendriers, c'est le quatrime jour.
Tombolo est un terme gomorphologique concernant un cordon littoral entre une le ou un lot et la cte (continent ou une autre le).
Charlie et la Chocolaterie (Charlie and the Chocolate Factory) est un roman pour enfants de l'auteur britannique Roald Dahl.
LInquisition (du mot latin inquisitio signifiant enqute, recherche) est une juridiction spcialise (autrement dit un tribunal), cre au XIIIesicle par l'glise catholique et relevant du droit canonique.
Un instrumentiste est un musicien qui interprte ou improvise (il est alors appel improvisateur) de la musique en jouant d'un instrument.
Yvan Pommaux, n le 13 septembre 1946  Vichy, est un auteur de littrature d'enfance et de jeunesse et de bande dessine franais.
L'histoire figure dans le livre de la Gense, du chapitre 6 au chapitre 9, correspondant  la Parasha Noah.
Surnomm le prince des mathmaticiens, il est considr comme l'un des plus grands mathmaticiens de tous les temps.
Il fut antrieurement lev  la condition de duc de Brunswick-Lunebourg (Hanovre) et de prince-lecteur du Saint-Empire romain germanique  partir de 1698.
La grotte de Fingal  (en galique cossais: An Uaimh Bhinn, en anglais: Fingals Cave)  est une clbre caverne basaltique situe dans les hbrides intrieures d'cosse, sur l'le inhabite de Staffa.
Mais sa popularit explose aprs son interprtation de la jeune Murphy dans le film de science-fiction Interstellar (2014) pour laquelle elle a reu des critiques trs positives ainsi que de nombreuses distinctions.
La famille des Jacanids (ou Jacanidae) comprend les 8 espces de jacanas (du tupi aha'n), oiseaux aquatiques de taille moyenne (de 15  58 cm), vivement colors.
La Vende est une rivire qui traverse notamment le dpartement franais de la Vende, auquel elle a donn son nom.
Hans Holbein le Jeune, n  Augsbourg, en Bavire, vers 1497 et mort  Londres en 1543, entre le 8 octobre et le 29 novembre, est un peintre et graveur de la Renaissance allemande, d'abord sujet du Saint-Empire romain germanique, puis citoyen de Ble (ancienne Confdration suisse).
Un anion (du grec ana-: en haut et in: qui va) est un ion qui, ayant gagn un ou plusieurs lectrons, porte une ou plusieurs charges lectriques lmentaires ngatives: par exemple, lion chlorure Cl est latome de chlore ayant gagn un lectron.
Le rock est un genre musical apparu dans les annes 1950 aux tats-Unis et qui s'est dvelopp en diffrents sous-genres  partir des annes 1960, notamment aux tats-Unis et au Royaume-Uni.
Jes Rodrguez Ruiz, plus communment appel Jes, n le 26 fvrier 1993  Las Palmas (les Canaries, Espagne), est un footballeur espagnol qui volue au poste d'attaquant au MKE Ankaragc.
La Fdration franaise de basketball (FFBB) est une association loi de 1901, fonde en 1932, charge d'organiser, de diriger et de dvelopper le basket-ball en France, d'orienter et de contrler l'activit de toutes les associations ou unions d'associations s'intressant  la pratique du basket-ball.
Le relief appalachien est un type de relief de plissement conscutif  une reprise de l'rosion d'une ancienne chane de montagne aprs pnplanation.
Paolo Villaggio, n le 31 dcembre 1932  Gnes et mort le 3 juillet 2017  Rome, est un acteur, crivain, animateur de tlvision et comique italien.
Gilles Vigneault, n Joseph Jean-Marie Gilles Vigneault le 27 octobre 1928  Natashquan,, au Qubec, est un pote, auteur de contes et de chansons, auteur-compositeur-interprte qubcois.
L'hypoglycmie (ne pas confondre avec hyperglycmie, qui dsigne le phnomne exactement inverse) est une concentration en glucose dans le sang (glycmie) anormalement basse.
Cairina moschata Le Canard musqu (Cairina moschata), parfois dit canard muet, est une espce d'oiseaux amricains, des canards pcheurs, dont est issue la race domestique des canards de Barbarie.
On appelle galement les pampas ou la pampa la vaste rgion gographique d'Amrique du Sud o ce milieu s'tend, qui couvre une zone de prs de 750000km2 incluant les provinces argentines de Buenos Aires, La Pampa, Santa Fe, Crdoba, l'Uruguay et le Rio Grande do Sul au Brsil.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, n le 15 janvier 1809  Besanon et mort le 19 janvier 1865  Paris (16e arrondissement), est un polmiste, journaliste, conomiste, philosophe, politique et sociologue franais.
Le Valenciennes Football Club, couramment abrg en VAFC est un club de football franais fond en 1913  Valenciennes.
Mission impossible 2 (Mission: Impossible 2, galement abrg en M:I-2) est un film amricano-allemand ralis par John Woo et sorti en 2000.
Dourdan (prononc [dud] couter) est une commune franaise situe  quarante-quatre kilomtres au sud-ouest de Paris dans le dpartement de lEssonne dans la rgion le-de-France.
Par moments, le rock alternatif a t utilis pour dcrire l'ensemble des artistes underground des annes 1980, toute la musique descendant du punk rock (dont le punk rock lui-mme, la new wave, et le post-punk), et, paradoxalement, le rock en gnral pendant les annes 1990 et les annes 2000.
Un navire de charge (traduction littrale de langlais cargo ship ou cargo boat) ou cargo est un navire de commerce ou navire marchand dont le rle consiste  transporter des marchandises sous diverses formes en utilisant la voie maritime.
Les six degrs de sparation (aussi appele thorie des six poignes de main) est une thorie tablie par le Hongrois Frigyes Karinthy en 1929 qui voque la possibilit que toute personne sur le globe peut tre relie  n'importe quelle autre, au travers d'une chane de relations individuelles comprenant au plus six maillons.
Gibraltar est revendiqu par l'Espagne, et ce, bien que la majorit de sa population soit attache  rester britannique,.
Calvi est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de la Haute-Corse et le territoire de la collectivit de Corse.
Le Proverbe est une nouvelle de Marcel Aym, parue dans Candide en 1939.
Bellatrix, ou Gamma Orionis ( Orionis /  Ori) dans la dsignation de Bayer, est une toile gante bleue de la constellation d'Orion, 3e par sa magnitude (+1,6) et de type spectral B2.
La masse volumique d'une substance, aussi appele densit volumique de masse, est une grandeur physique qui caractrise la masse de cette substance par unit de volume.
Un IMSI-catcher, parfois traduit en intercepteur d'IMSI, est un appareil de surveillance utilis pour intercepter le trafic des communications mobiles, rcuprer des informations  distance ou pister les mouvements des utilisateurs des terminaux.
Charlie Parker (Charles Christopher Parker, Jr.) surnomm Bird (l'oiseau) ou Yardbird, n le 29 aot 1920  Kansas City et mort le 12 mars 1955  New York, est un saxophoniste alto emblmatique du jazz amricain.
Les Canadiens de Montral sont une franchise de hockey sur glace professionnel situe  Montral dans la province de Qubec au Canada.
France Bleu Besanon est l'une des stations de radio gnraliste de France Bleu, le rseau de radio locales de Radio France.
Argentin, Argentin magnifique Argentavis est un genre teint d'oiseaux, qui n'est connu que par l'espce Argentavis magnificens (l'Argentin magnifique).
Onde de gravitation En physique, une onde gravitationnelle, appele parfois onde de gravitation, est une oscillation de la courbure de l'espace-temps qui se propage  grande distance de son point de formation.
La Licence Art Libre ou LAL (en anglais, Free Art License ou FAL) est une licence (contrat juridique) qui applique le principe du Copyleft  la cration artistique et au-del, pour toutes productions de l'esprit rgies par le droit d'auteur.
Maria Anna Walburga Ignatia Mozart, ne le 30 juillet 1751  Salzbourg et morte le 29 octobre 1829 dans la mme ville, surnomme Nannerl, est une compositrice, pianiste et claveciniste de l'poque classique.
Patrice Lumumba[N   de son vrai nom lias Okit'Asombo(n le 2 juillet 1925  Onalua, Congo belge, et mort assassin le 17 janvier 1961 prs d'lisabethville au Katanga) est un homme d'tat congolais, premier Premier ministre de la Rpublique dmocratique du Congo (Rpublique du Congo de 1960  1964) de juin  septembre 1960.
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 (ou simplement MW3) est un jeu vido de tir  la premire personne dvelopp conjointement par Infinity Ward et Sledgehammer Games ainsi que Raven Software pour la partie multijoueur, et dit par Activision en novembre 20.
Le dpartement de la Savoie (/sa.vwa/, en arpitan savoyard: Savou) est un dpartement franais de la rgion Auvergne-Rhne-Alpes, dont le chef-lieu est la ville de Chambry.
Le grand sceau des tats-Unis (Great Seal of the United States) est utilis pour prouver l'authenticit de certains documents au sein du gouvernement fdral des tats-Unis.
Bos primigenius, Bos taurus primigenius L'aurochs[n  (ou auroch,[n ) est une espce de bovid, anctre des races actuelles de bovins domestiques et dont la descendance sauvage est dsormais teinte.
Tricholoma columbetta Tricholoma columbetta, le Tricholome colombette, est une espce de champignons (Fungi) de la famille des Tricholomataceae et du genre Tricholoma.
En sport, un ballon est un objet de forme gnralement sphrique mais pouvant parfois tre ovale comme au rugby ou au football amricain, fabriqu gnralement en cuir, en plastique, ou en mousse.
Prsident de l'Assemble constituante puis de l'Assemble nationale entre 1946 et 1947, il est lu prsident de la Rpublique au dbut de cette dernire anne, devenant le premier  occuper cette fonction sous la IVe Rpublique et le premier chef dtat socialiste en France.
Sous le califat d'Othman, l'empire islamique annexa l'Istakhr (dj conquis une premire fois en 642) en 645 et certaines zones du Khorassan en 651.
L'Observatoire de Paris est un observatoire astronomique implant sur trois sites: Paris (avenue de l'Observatoire), Meudon et Nanay.
Pithaya, Pitahaya, Fruit du dragon, Thanh Long Le fruit du dragon, galement connu sous le nom espagnol de pitaya ou pithaya ou pitahaya (du tano fruit cailleux), est le fruit de diffrentes espces de cactus hmipiphytes, et plus particulirement de celles de lespce Selenicereus undatus  (anciennement Hylocereus undatus et, mme, auparavant H. triangularis).
Super Mario Bros. (, Sp Mario Burazzu?) est un jeu vido de plate-forme dvelopp et dit par Nintendo, et sorti en 1985 sur Nintendo Entertainment System.
Le Livre de Jrmie ( Yirmyh) est un livre du Tanakh et de l'Ancien Testament, crit selon la tradition juive et chrtienne par le prophte Jrmie.
Amel Bent Bachir, dite Amel Bent, est une chanteuse et actrice franaise, ne le 21 juin 1985  Paris (75).
Le babisme ou la foi babie (persan:  , Bb h) est un mouvement religieux rformateur et millnariste fond en Iran le 23 mai 1844 (5 Jamdyul-Avval 1260 ap.
Le terme phalange peut dsigner:
Usagi Yojimbo   (en japonais, Le lapin garde du corps) est une srie de comics cre par Stan Sakai.
Le Yorkshire terrier, plus couramment appel York, est une race de chien de petite taille appartenant au groupe des terriers et originaire du comt anglais du mme nom.
Giuseppe Peano /duzppe peano/ (Spinetta di Cuneo (Coni), 27 aot 1858 - Cavoretto, prs de Turin, 20 avril 1932) est un mathmaticien et linguiste italien.
Asparagus officinalis L'asperge est une plante de la famille des Asparagaceae originaire de l'est du bassin mditerranen.
C8, abrviation de Canal 8, est une chane de tlvision gnraliste nationale prive franaise.
La Dordogne (/d.d/[Note ) est un dpartement franais de la rgion Nouvelle-Aquitaine correspondant en grande partie au Prigord, situ dans le quart sud-ouest de la France.
Aprs son titre de champion du monde 2018,  Madrid, il devient le 5 aot 2021, le premier champion olympique de karat, en s'imposant en -67 kg lors des Jeux de Tokyo 2021.
Elles ont pour origine l'infection de la peau par un virus, le papillomavirus humain (VPH) dont on dnombre une cinquantaine de types diffrents, certains donnant plus volontiers certaines verrues.
Le dpartement de Maine-et-Loire (/mne.lwa/[Note ) est un dpartement franais du Val de Loire dans la rgion Pays de la Loire.
Un passage  niveau (abrg PN dans le jargon ferroviaire) est un croisement  niveau (c'est--dire que les voies qui se croisent sont  la mme hauteur, par opposition aux ponts et aux tunnels) d'une voie ferre avec une voie routire ou pitonnire.
L'iPhone 4S est un smartphone, modle de la 5egnration d'iPhone de la marque Apple.
La Champagne est une ancienne province franaise, forme en 1065  partir d'un comt palatin par la runion autour de Provins, troisime mtropole du Royaume de France, de comts issus du dmantlement de la fraction occidentale de l'Austrasie mrovingienne, c'est--dire le nord-est de la France.
Lophius piscatorius La baudroie commune (Lophius piscatorius), nomme aussi lotte ou baudroie, est un poisson marin qui vit le long des ctes d'Europe.
France Inter est une station de radio gnraliste nationale publique franaise du groupe Radio France lance en 1947.
La boule de Nol est une dcoration de Nol traditionnellement en forme de boule, mais pouvant adopter des formes trs diverses, que l'on accroche aux branches des sapins installs  l'occasion de Nol  l'aide d'un fil, d'une corde ou d'un crochet.
Paul Langevin, n le 23 janvier 1872  Paris18e et mort le 19 dcembre 1946  Paris5e, est un physicien, philosophe des sciences, pdagogue et homme politique franais.
Capitale et majuscule dsignent, en criture manuscrite ou mcanique, typographique ou informatique, une forme de lettre de plus grande taille que la lettre courante, appele minuscule ou bas-de-casse, utilise soit en initiale de mot, soit pour mettre en vidence des phrases ou des mots entiers.
En informatique, le code source est un texte qui prsente les instructions composant un programme sous une forme lisible, telles qu'elles ont t crites dans un langage de programmation.
L'Axe Rome-Berlin fut proclam le 1er novembre 1936 et transform le 27 septembre 1940 en pacte tripartite regroupant l'Allemagne nazie, le Japon et l'Italie fasciste, qui formrent ainsi une alliance militaire.
Quito (officiellement San Francisco de Quito) est la capitale et la ville plus peuple de l'quateur et de la province de Pichincha.
Henri Grous, dit labb Pierre, n le 5 aot 1912  Lyon4e et mort le 22 janvier 2007  Paris5e, est un prtre catholique franais, d'abord capucin, puis du diocse de Grenoble (1939), rsistant, puis dput, fondateur du mouvement Emmas (organisation non confessionnelle de lutte contre l'exclusion) comprenant la Fondation Abb-Pierre pour le logement des dfavoriss et de nombreuses autres associations, fondations et entreprises de l'conomie sociale en France.
Aprs avoir connu une notorit mondiale, le groupe se dissout en 1981.
James Watt, n le 19 janvier 1736  Greenock en cosse et mort le 25 aot 1819  Heathfield Hall, dans sa maison  Handsworth (localit maintenant intgre  Birmingham, en Angleterre) est un ingnieur cossais dont les amliorations sur la machine  vapeur furent une des tapes cl dans la rvolution industrielle.
OK Boomer est une phrase ftiche et un mme Internet qui a gagn en popularit en 2019.
Mobutu Sese Seko Kuku Ngbendu wa Za Banga, couramment abrg en Mobutu Sese Seko, n Joseph-Dsir Mobutu le 14 octobre 1930   Lisala (Congo belge) et mort le 7 septembre 1997  Rabat (Maroc), est un homme d'tat, militaire et dictateur zarois, ayant gouvern la rpublique dmocratique du Congo de 1965  1997.
ExxonMobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM) est une socit ptrolire et gazire amricaine, dirige par Darren Woods et dont le sige social est situ  Irving, dans la banlieue de Dallas.
Franz Anton Beckenbauer, n le 11 septembre 1945  Munich, est un footballeur international puis entraneur allemand.
La pistache est un fruit sec, produit par un arbuste de climat mditerranen, le pistachier vrai (Pistacia vera L.) de la famille des Anacardiaces.
La bataille d'Azincourt (en anglais: Battle of Agincourt) se droule le 25 octobre 1415 prs du village d'Azincourt, dans le nord de la France.
Les Saturnales (en latin Saturnalia) sont, durant l'antiquit romaine, des ftes se droulant la semaine du solstice d'hiver (soit du 17 au 23 dcembre) qui clbrent le dieu Saturne et sont accompagnes de grandes rjouissances populaires.
Conseil des ministres de l'Union europenne Le Conseil, souvent appel Conseil de l'Union europenne et parfois, officieusement, Conseil des ministres de l'Union europenne, est l'une des principales institutions de l'Union europenne (UE), avec la Commission europenne, le Conseil europen et le Parlement europen.
Il existe plusieurs sortes d'clipses notamment les clipses de Lune et celles de Soleil, ces dernires tant plus rares.
Il est sign le 5 septembre 1905  lissue de ngociations qui se droulent aux chantiers navals de la Marine de Portsmouth, prs de la ville de Portsmouth aux tats-Unis.
John Robert Cocker, dit Joe Cocker, n le 20 mai 1944  Sheffield (Angleterre) et mort le 22 dcembre 2014  Crawford (Colorado), est un chanteur de blues-rock britannique, galement, dans une moindre mesure, acteur et compositeur.
Ce plat est particulirement populaire dans le nord de l'le de Hokkaid, en  Thalande et en Chine ().
L'anneau vaginal ou anneau contraceptif est un systme d'administration de mdicaments assurant une libration contrle  longue dure d'action d'un ingrdient pharmaceutique actif pour des effets systmiques ou localiss.
Reich est un terme de la langue allemande dsignant  lorigine le territoire sur lequel sexerait la puissance et la souverainet dun prince, dun roi ou dun empereur, et plus tard celle dun tat.
Les bois sont des organes osseux ramifis de grande taille prsents sur la tte d'animaux tels que le cerf et la plupart des reprsentants de sa famille, les cervids.
Sa pardre est Lakshmi, la desse de la richesse et de la bonne fortune, sa monture Garuda, l'aigle.
Un domaine est l'ensemble des maisons, des dpendances et des terres agricoles qui entourent les jardins et les terrains d'une trs grande proprit, comme une maison de campagne ou un htel particulier.
Il remporte le prix Nobel de littrature en 1962 pour ses crits ralistes et imaginatifs, alliant  la fois un humour sympathique et une perception sociale aigu.
Carly Rae Jepsen, ne le 21 novembre 1985  Mission (Colombie-Britannique), est une auteure-compositrice-interprte canadienne.
L'Internet des objets ou IdO (en anglais (the) Internet of Things ou IoT) est l'interconnexion entre l'Internet et des objets, des lieux et des environnements physiques.
Grand Theft Auto 2 (souvent abrg en GTA 2) est un jeu vido d'action-aventure dvelopp par DMA Design et distribu par Rockstar Games, commercialis le 30 septembre 1999 sur Microsoft Windows, et le 22 octobre 1999 sur PlayStation.
Ludovic Marie Sforza dit le More (en italien Ludovico Maria Sforza  detto il Moro), n le 27 juillet 1452  Vigevano (entre Milan et Pavie) et mort le 27 mai 1508  Loches en France. Arbitre dItalie, selon lexpression utilise par Guichardin, il fut duc de Bari  partir de 1479, rgent du duch de Milan de 1480  1494, enfin duc lui-mme de 1494  1500.
L'Homme qui plantait des arbres est une nouvelle crite en 1953 par l'crivain franais Jean Giono pour faire aimer  planter des arbres, selon ses termes.
France 24 est une chane de tlvision franaise d'information internationale en continu, cre le 30 novembre 2005 et diffusant depuis le 6 dcembre 2006.
L'abngation est une vertu, une forme d'ascse, de renoncement, d'abandon du bnfice personnel pour le bien commun.
Il effectue le 6 aot 1961 le deuxime vol orbital de l're spatiale dans le cadre de la mission Vostok 2.
La Compagnie des transports strasbourgeois (CTS) est une socit publique locale, fonde en 1877  Strasbourg.
Elle est le chef-lieu de la province de Lige et la capitale conomique de la Wallonie.
Francisco Ferrer, n en janvier 1859  Alella et mort le 13 octobre 1909  Barcelone, en espagnol Francisco Ferrer Guardia, en catalan Francesc Ferrer i Gurdia, est un libre-penseur, franc-maon et pdagogue libertaire espagnol.
Ida est un astrode de la famille de Coronis, elle-mme situe dans la ceinture principale et qui a la particularit de possder une lune astrodale.
Les pomes de Dickinson sont en effet uniques pour leur poque: ils sont constitus de vers trs courts, nont pas de titres et utilisent frquemment des rimes imparfaites et des majuscules ainsi qu'une ponctuation non conventionnelle.
Un mortier ou lance-mine  est une arme lgre dartillerie, sans culasse  la force de recul tant absorbe par le sol ,  mise  feu de lobus par gravit, et de ce fait ne pouvant tirer quen tir proche de la verticale (hausse suprieure  45), ce qui lui permet d'atteindre un site proche trs masqu.
Atoum ou Toum (traduit par certains par l'Indiffrenci,) est un dieu de la mythologie gyptienne.
C'est la troisime plus grande structure connue dans l'univers observable,, aprs respectivement l'anneau gant GRB et le Grand Mur d'Hercule-Couronne borale.
Le pasttsio (en grec:  , de l'italien pasticcio) est un plat de la cuisine grecque, chypriote et mditerranenne, compos de ptes, de viande hache, le tout tant napp de sauce bchamel.
tudie particulirement  partir de 1775 par le chimiste Claude-Louis Berthollet, dont la manufacture de produits chimiques a t construite dans le quartier de Javel  Paris, elle est compose d'hypochlorite de sodium pur (NaClO), en solution aqueuse avec du sel (NaCl), rsiduel du procd de fabrication.
Andrea Mantegna[N , n vers 1431  Isola di Carturo et mort le 13 septembre 1506  Mantoue, est un graveur et peintre italien de la Premire Renaissance qui a rompu dfinitivement avec le style gothique en plein milieu du XVesicle, sans se dpartir de cette attitude tout au long de sa vie.
En gomtrie, un pav droit, ou paralllpipde rectangle, est une figure solide dlimite par six faces rectangulaires (bote rectangulaire).
Le protocole de Kyoto est un accord international visant  la rduction des missions de gaz  effet de serre et qui vient s'ajouter  la Convention-cadre des Nations unies sur les changements climatiques dont les pays participants se rencontrent une fois par an depuis 1995.
Le groupe est compos de cinq membres se prnommant Yeji, Lia, Ryujin, Chaeryeong et Yuna Le groupe a dbut le 12 fvrier 2019 avec la sortie de son single album It'z Different.
Les rpubliques du Kazakhstan, d'Ouzbkistan, de Kirghizistan, du Turkmnistan, et du Tadjikistan formrent de 1922  1991 des rpubliques socialistes sovitiques d'Asie centrale (ou Asie centrale sovitique) membres de l'URSS.
Elle est borde  l'ouest et au nord par l'Ukraine,  l'est par la Russie et au sud par la presqu'le de Crime et la pninsule de Taman (Russie), toutes deux spares par le dtroit de Kertch qui la relie  la mer Noire.
L'objectif de Kali Linux est de fournir une distribution regroupant l'ensemble des outils ncessaires aux tests de scurit d'un systme d'information, notamment le test d'intrusion.
Farming Simulator est une srie de jeux vido de simulation agricole dvelopps par la socit suisse GIANTS Software, et dits par la socit franaise Focus Home Interactive de 2008  2020.
La basilique Notre-Dame-du-Port de Clermont-Ferrand est une glise collgiale franaise de style roman auvergnat, situe  Clermont-Ferrand dans le quartier du Port, entre la place Delille et la cathdrale.
Le nombre d'espces que contient le genre varie, selon les botanistes, entre 100 et 250.
VMware est une socit informatique amricaine fonde en 1998, filiale d'EMC Corporation depuis 2004 (rachet par Dell le 7 septembre 20,), qui propose plusieurs produits propritaires lis  la virtualisation d'architectures x86.
L'amour est un fort sentiment d'affection et d'attachement envers un tre vivant ou une chose, assez intense pour pousser ceux qui le ressentent  rechercher une proximit physique, intellectuelle ou mme imaginaire avec l'objet de cet amour.
Dans la Rome antique, les questeurs sont des magistrats romains annuels comptables des finances, responsables du rglement des dpenses et de lencaissement des recettes publiques.
Surnomm le prince des mathmaticiens, il est considr comme l'un des plus grands mathmaticiens de tous les temps.
Paulnay est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de l'Indre, en rgion Centre-Val de Loire.
Les paroles originales ont t cres en franais; les deux autres versions officielles (en nerlandais et en allemand) sont donc des adaptations de la version franaise.
Billy the Cat est une srie de bande dessine belge cre par Stphane Colman et Stephen Desberg en 1981, adapte en srie anime Billy the Cat, dans la peau d'un chat.
Charles Pierre Pguy, n le 7 janvier 1873  Orlans (Loiret) et mort pour la France le premier jour de la premire bataille de l'Ourcq,  le 5 septembre 1914  Villeroy (Seine-et-Marne), est un crivain, pote, essayiste et officier de rserve franais.
Une hmorragie (du latin haemorrhagia) dsigne un saignement, un coulement de sang en dehors de l'espace vasculaire constitu par le cur, les vaisseaux sanguins (veines et artres) et la rate chez certaines espces.
La mythologie grco-romaine, ou mythologie classique, est la synthse de ce quont en commun la mythologie grecque et la mythologie romaine.
99 Luftballons (Neunundneunzig Luftballons, littralement 99 ballons de baudruche en allemand) est une chanson engage du groupe pop rock allemand Nena, interprte par la chanteuse ponyme, numro 1 des ventes en Allemagne de l'Ouest en 1983.
Est appele plante X toute plante hypothtique suppose se situer au-del de Neptune.
C'est l'un des deux seuls pays  dominante catholique en Asie (avec le Timor oriental) et l'un des plus occidentaliss.
Cynodontes Les cynodontes (Cynodontia) forment un sous-ordre et un clade de thrapsides euthriodontes qui apparaissent durant le Permien suprieur, vers 260millions d'annes avant notre re, et qui comprennent les mammifres (dont l'homme), leurs anctres et les groupes apparents aujourd'hui teints.
L'quipe d'Allemagne de football (en allemand: Deutsche Fuballnationalmannschaft) est constitue d'une slection des meilleurs joueurs allemands sous l'gide de la Fdration allemande de football (en allemand: Deutscher Fuball-Bund) (DFB).
Un chien guide d'aveugle est un chien d'assistance mis  la disposition d'un dficient visuel pour faciliter sa vie quotidienne, et notamment ses dplacements.
Sofiane Boufal (en arabe:  ), n le 17 septembre 1993  Paris, est un footballeur international marocain qui volue au poste d'ailier gauche ou de milieu offensif au sein du club d'Angers SCO.
Les oloducs taient ncessaires pour diminuer la dpendance  l'gard des navires ptroliers, qui pouvaient tre ralentis par mauvais temps, difficiles  dcharger en l'absence de ports, tre la cible des sous-marins allemands, ou tre plus utiles dans la guerre du Pacifique.
Une lampe  lave est un objet de design dcoratif invent en 1963 par Edward Craven Walker, fondateur de l'entreprise Britannique de luminaires Mathmos.
Une cigarette est un cylindre de papier, long de quelques centimtres, rempli d'un matriau combustible, le plus souvent des feuilles de tabac haches et traites, ainsi que des additifs.
Il se situe dans le nord-est du pays, le Nordeste, sur le littoral atlantique.
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood (ACB) est un jeu vido d'action-aventure dit et dvelopp par Ubisoft, sorti en novembre 2010.
Ce systme a t brevet en Angleterre en 1822 par Sampson Mordan et Gabriel Riddle,.
Les 101 Dalmatiens (One Hundred and One Dalmatians) est le 21e long-mtrage d'animation et le 17e Classique d'animation des studios Disney.
Elle comprend les saumons, les ombles, les ombres, les corgones et les truites, et tire son nom (ainsi que l'ordre des Salmoniformes) des saumons de l'Atlantique et des truites du genre Salmo.
Une symphonie est une composition instrumentale savante, de proportions gnralement vastes, comprenant plusieurs mouvements joints ou disjoints et faisant appel aux ressources de l'orchestre symphonique.
Un tendon relie donc un muscle  un os, tandis qu'un ligament relie deux os dans une articulation, comme les fameux ligaments croiss du genou.
Vaslav Nijinski (en russe:   , Vclav Fom Ninskij; en polonais: Wacaw Niyski), aussi retranscrit Vaclav Nijinsky ou Vatslav Nizhinski, n  Kiev probablement le 28 fvrier 1889 (12 mars 1889 dans le calendrier grgorien) et mort le 8 avril 1950  Londres, est un danseur et chorgraphe russe d'origine polonaise.
Thibaut Ier de Navarre, aussi connu sous le nom de Thibaut IV de Champagne, puis Thibaut le Chansonnier, n le 30 mai 1201  Troyes et mort le 14 juillet 1253  Pampelune, est comte de Champagne de 1201  1253 et roi de Navarre de 1234  1253.
L'glise du Temple-Neuf est une glise de culte protestant, rattache  lUnion des glises protestantes d'Alsace et de Lorraine (UEPAL), situe sur la Grande le de Strasbourg.
LopoldIer, connu auparavant sous le nom de Lopold Georges Chrtien Frdric de Saxe-Cobourg-Saalfeld, n le 16 dcembre 1790  Cobourg (en Saxe-Cobourg-Saalfeld) et mort le 10 dcembre 1865 au chteau de Laeken (en Belgique), est un prince allemand de la maison de Saxe-Cobourg et Gotha devenu le premier roi des Belges en 1831 et le fondateur de la dynastie rgnant sur la Belgique.
Au del de la trilogie originelle, d'autres jeux Halo ont vu le jour dans des genres diffrents, tels que Halo Wars, un jeu de stratgie produit et dvelopp par Ensemble Studios.
Une pice de thtre est une uvre destine  tre joue durant une reprsentation thtrale, la plupart du temps crite selon des rgles de la littrature dramatique.
NRJ 12, est une chane de tlvision gnraliste franaise commerciale prive appartenant  la socit NRJ Group cre le 31 mars 2005 sur la TNT.
La Vierge, l'Enfant Jsus et sainte Anne Sainte Anne, la Vierge et l'Enfant Jsus jouant avec un agneau, anciennement appel La Vierge, lEnfant Jsus et sainte Anne, est un tableau de Lonard de Vinci peint  l'huile sur un panneau de peuplier et conserv au muse du Louvre  Paris.
Le muse des Arts dcoratifs ( ne pas confondre avec Les Arts dcoratifs, qui est l'association chapeautant le muse, la bibliothque, etc.) est un muse parisien qui a pour objectif la valorisation des beaux-arts appliqus et le dveloppement de liens entre industrie et culture, cration et production.
La rapire est une pe longue et fine,  la garde labore,  la lame flexible, destine essentiellement aux coups d'estoc.
Le prpuce est le repli circulaire de peau mobile et coulissant qui couvre plus ou moins le gland du pnis  ltat de flaccidit, et qui se rtracte en rection.
Le vinaigre est une solution aqueuse  faible teneur d'acide actique, qui entre principalement dans l'alimentation humaine comme condiment et conservateur alimentaire.
galement prsente comme philanthrope, elle est l'pouse de Mark Zuckerberg, le fondateur, actionnaire majoritaire et prsident-directeur gnral (PDG) de Facebook.
Sa devise serait Partout o ncessit fait loi qui exprime l'impratif de la raison d'tat.
Chrimolier, Cherimoya Le chrimolier (Annona cherimola)  appel Cherimoya, Chirimoya, ou Churimoya en Amrique du Sud  est un arbre de la famille des Annonaceae donnant un fruit nomm la chrimole, dont le got est semblable  celui de la pomme cannelle, du cur de buf et du corossol, provenant tous d'arbres du genre Annona.
Hippocampus erectus, communment appel Hippocampe mouchet ou Hippocampe ray, est une espce d'hippocampes.
La cathdrale Santa Maria Assunta (cathdrale Notre-Dame-de-l'Assomption de Sienne), appele couramment Duomo di Siena, est la cathdrale de Sienne, en Toscane (Italie).
Les phlides, ou taches de rousseur, sont de petites macules pigmentes, photodistribues, apparaissant dans lenfance sous leffet de lexposition au soleil, plutt chez les sujets de phototype clair, en particulier les roux.
Le stade Roland-Garros est un stade de tennis  construit en 1927 et situ  louest de Paris au niveau de la porte d'Auteuil, en lisire du bois de Boulogne.
Selon les versions, il peut lancer de 9     20tonnes en orbite basse et de 4     8tonnes en orbite de transfert gostationnaire.
Cypripedium calceolus Le sabot de Vnus, ou sabot de Vnus d'Europe (Cypripedium calceolus), est une espce de plante herbace vivace de la famille des Orchidaces (sous-famille des Cypripedioideae) qui se rencontre sur des sols alcalins.
Un parlement est, sous l'Ancien Rgime dans le royaume de France, une cour de justice d'appel, dite aussi improprement cour souveraine, puis cour suprieure  partir de 1661, qui rend la justice au nom du roi, dans un territoire dlimit.
Une chambre forte est une pice hautement scurise conue pour protger des biens de valeur ou des personnes contre le vol, l'attaque, l'effraction, l'intrusion, ou toute autre forme de danger extrieur.
Nanmoins, certaines maladies  forte prvalence mais pour lesquelles il n'existe pas de traitement, comme la maladie d'Alzheimer ou l'hmochromatose, sont orphelines sans tre rares.
Le bromure de potassium  est un sel largement utilis comme antispasmodique et sdatif.
La Coupe du monde de football 1958 s'est tenue en Sude du 8 juin au 29 juin 1958.
Tumblr est une plate-forme de microblogage cre en 2007 et permettant  l'utilisateur de poster du texte, des images, des vidos, des liens et des sons sur son tumblelog.
Astrid Lindgren, ne Ericsson le 14 novembre 1907  Vimmerby en Sude et morte le 28 janvier 2002  Stockholm, est une romancire sudoise, auteure d'ouvrages pour enfants et scnariste.
Le glockenspiel (prononc [glknpil] en franais) est un instrument de musique  percussion de la famille des idiophones, compos de lames de mtal mises en vibration  l'aide de baguettes.
Xiamen (chinois simplifi: ; pinyin: ximn; litt. porte du manoir) est une ville de la province du Fujian, dans le sud-est de la Chine.
Abomey est une ville et une commune du sud de la Rpublique du Bnin, situe  145km de Cotonou, qui est la prfecture du dpartement du Zou, dont elle est le chef-lieu.
Jean Bouin, n Alexandre Franois tienne Jean Bouin le 21 dcembre 1888  Marseille et mort pour la France le 29 septembre 1914  Xivray dans la Meuse, est un athlte franais spcialiste de la course de fond.
Jacques Necker  l'poque prononc [nek] et non [ne.ke] n le 28 septembre 1732  Genve en rpublique de Genve et mort le 9 avril 1804  Coppet en Suisse, est un financier et homme politique genevois, ministre des Finances de Louis XVI.
Brenton Tarrant, n le 27 octobre 1990  Grafton (Nouvelle-Galles du Sud), est un terroriste australien d'extrme droite ayant commis les Attentats de Christchurch contre deux mosques en Nouvelle-Zlande le 15 mars 2019, faisant 51 morts.
On appelle viennoiseries les produits de boulangerie dont la technique de fabrication se rapproche de celle du pain ou de la pte feuillete, mais auxquels leurs ingrdients donnent un caractre plus gras et plus sucr qui les rapproche de la ptisserie (ufs, beurre, lait, crme, sucre, etc.); les ptes sont leves ou feuilletes.
La libert de culte, libert de religion ou libert de croyance est le droit subjectif fondamental des personnes de choisir et de pratiquer une religion donne ou aucune.
Il existe diffrents types de points de vente du livre: librairies de livres neufs (gnralistes ou spcialises), librairies de livres anciens et d'occasion, maisons de la presse, librairies-papeteries, librairies ambulantes, grandes surfaces, librairies numriques.
Internet Explorer[a], parfois abrg IE[b], est un ancien navigateur web dvelopp par la socit amricaine Microsoft et install par dfaut avec Windows.
Il en rsulte une induration douloureuse du derme cause par une accumulation de pus et de tissus morts.
Le chteau de Rambouillet, ancienne rsidence royale, impriale et prsidentielle, est situ  Rambouillet, chef-lieu d'arrondissement du sud des Yvelines en France dans un parc de 980 hectares au sein de la fort de Rambouillet.
La messe est une crmonie chrtienne au cours de laquelle le ou les prtres officiants clbrent lEucharistie, actualisation du sacrifice rdempteur de Jsus-Christ.
Le march aux poissons de Tsukiji (, Tsukiji ichiba/ Tsukiji shij?) tait le principal march aux poissons de la mtropole de Tokyo et le plus grand march de gros du monde pour les poissons et fruits de mer.
Soyouz 1 constitue le tout premier vol du programme spatial sovitique Soyouz (en russe , Union).
Ses deux chambres sont le Snat (United States Senate), la chambre haute compose de 100snateurs (deux par tat), et la Chambre des reprsentants (United States House of Representatives), la chambre basse compose de 435reprsentants.
James David Rodrguez Rubio, dit James Rodrguez ou simplement James, n le 12 juillet 1991  Ccuta (Colombie), est un footballeur international colombien qui volue au poste de milieu offensif  l'Olympiakos.
Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS est sorti en septembre 2014 au Japon et en octobre 2014 en Amrique du Nord, en Europe et en Australie, tandis que Super Smash Bros. for Wii U est sorti en novembre 2014 en Amrique du Nord, en Europe et en Australie et en dcembre 2014 au Japon.
Un pont-levis est un type de pont mobile dfensif qui se baisse et se lve pour ouvrir ou fermer le passage au-dessus d'un foss encerclant un ouvrage fortifi.
La Confdration franaise de l'encadrement - Confdration gnrale des cadres (CFE-CGC) est un syndicat franais de salaris fond le 15 octobre 1944 sous le nom de Confdration gnrale des cadres (CGC), qui prsente la caractristique de dfendre les intrts d'une catgorie professionnelle spcifique, l'encadrement.
Criquetot-l'Esneval est une commune franaise situe dans le dpartement de la Seine-Maritime en rgion Normandie.
Columbia est la capitale et la plus grande ville de l'tat de Caroline du Sud, aux tats-Unis.
Tobago (Tabago en franais jusqu' la fin du XIXesicle) est une le des Petites Antilles et une rgion de la rpublique de Trinit-et-Tobago.
Le cow-boy ou cowboy (pron. [kab], de l'anglais cow, vache, et boy, garon), qui signifie vacher ou bouvier en franais, est un garon de ferme s'occupant du btail bovin dans les pays anglo-saxons de grands espaces comme le Far West amricain et l'Outback australien.
Sousse (arabe: , Ssa, /sus/ couter) est une ville portuaire de l'Est de la Tunisie, situe  143 kilomtres au sud de Tunis, et ouverte sur le golfe d'Hammamet (mer Mditerrane).
Montbard est une commune franaise d'environ 5000habitants, chef-lieu d'arrondissement, sous-prfecture du dpartement de la Cte-d'Or en rgion Bourgogne-Franche-Comt.
Naveen Andrews est un comdien britannique, d'origine indienne, n  Lambeth (Grand Londres) en Angleterre le 17 janvier 1969.
Vole par les Allemands en 1941, elle est considre comme perdue depuis la fin de la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Un martinet est un gros marteau  bascule, longtemps m par l'nergie hydraulique d'un moulin  eau, et utilis depuis le Moyen ge pour des productions industrielles diverses comme la fabrication du papier, du tan, du foulon, du chanvre, le forgeage du fer, le battage du cuivre.
La Tchcoslovaquie s'est constitue  partir de l'ancien Empire austro-hongrois (1867-1918): elle runissait les tats actuels de Tchquie et de Slovaquie ainsi que, de 1919  1938, la Ruthnie subcarpathique (aujourd'hui ukrainienne); la Tchquie est elle-mme constitue de la Bohme, de la Moravie et de la Silsie tchque.
La biosphre est l'ensemble des organismes vivants et leurs milieux de vie, donc la totalit des cosystmes prsents que ce soit dans la lithosphre, l'hydrosphre et l'atmosphre.
Une pile lectrique, couramment dnomme pile, est un dispositif lectrochimique qui produit de l'lectricit en convertissant de l'nergie chimique en nergie lectrique grce  une raction d'oxydorduction.
Tachymarptis melba Le Martinet  ventre blanc (Tachymarptis melba), ou Martinet alpin, est une espce d'oiseaux de la famille des Apodidae.
Pierre et le Loup (Ptia i volk, en russe:   ) opus 67, est un conte symphonique didactique pdagogique allgorique pour enfants, de 1936, de l'auteur-compositeur-interprte russe Sergue Prokofiev (1891-1953).
Il se situe au 25erang des sites les plus visits dans le monde.
Le squelette (du grec skelets, dessch) est une charpente animale rigide servant de support pour les muscles et les organes.
Le texte est constitu d'une lettre attribue  l'aptre Paul et adresse  l'glise d'phse (situe dans l'actuelle Turquie).
Ashley Benson, ne le 18 dcembre 1989  Anaheim en Californie, est une actrice amricaine connue pour avoir interprt le rle d'Hanna Marin dans la srie tlvise Pretty Little Liars.
La Coupe du monde de football 2014 est la 20edition de la Coupe du monde de football, comptition organise par la FIFA et qui runit les trente-deux meilleures slections nationales de football.
Sony's Spider-Man Universe (anciennement Sony Pictures Universe of Marvel Characters) est une franchise mdiatique et un univers partag, centr sur une srie de films de super-hros produits par Columbia Pictures en association avec Marvel Entertainment.
Lampre (symbole A) est l'unit de mesure du Systme international d'units de l'intensit du courant lectrique.
Philippe Leclerc de Hauteclocque, plus connu comme le gnral Leclerc ou marchal Leclerc, n Philippe de Hauteclocque le 22 novembre 1902  Belloy-Saint-Lonard (Somme) et mort dans un accident d'avion le 28 novembre 1947 prs de Colomb-Bchar (Algrie franaise), est un militaire franais, l'un des principaux chefs militaires de la France libre durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Le flan est une spcialit culinaire cuite, de forme ronde comme son nom l'indique, de texture solide, tremblante, lisse et tendre, ayant pour base des ufs battus dans du lait ou de la crme de lait.
Jeanne d'vreux, ne vers 1310 et morte le 4 mars 1371  Brie-Comte-Robert, est reine de France et de Navarre du 5 juillet 1324 au 1er fvrier 1328 en tant qu'pouse de Charles IV le Bel.
Alphonse Capone, (Alfonso Capone en italien) dit Al Capone, n  Brooklyn (New York) le 17 janvier 1899 et mort  Miami Beach (Floride) le 25 janvier 1947, est un des plus clbres gangsters amricains du XXesicle.
Kery James, de son vrai nom Alix Mathurin, est un rappeur franais, occasionnellement ralisateur, scnariste et acteur, n le 28 dcembre 1977 aux Abymes en Guadeloupe.
David John McDonald, connu sous le nom de David Tennant, est un acteur britannique, n le 18 avril 1971  Bathgate (cosse).
Son rgne a nanmoins t marqu par de nombreuses manifestations et troubles qui dbouchrent sur un sige de 49 jours(en)  l'issue duquel Othman fut assassin, jetant ainsi les prmices de la premire fitna.
La pression atmosphrique est la pression qu'exerce le mlange gazeux constituant l'atmosphre considre (sur Terre: de l'air) sur une surface quelconque en contact avec elle.
Il s'agit de la premire plante dcouverte par le tlescope spatial Kepler dans la zone habitable d'une naine jaune, annonce faite par la NASA le 5 dcembre 20, lors d'une confrence de presse annonce quelques jours auparavant.
Pokmon Masters EX, ou anciennement Pokmon Masters est un jeu vido mobile dvelopp et dit par DeNA en partenariat avec The Pokmon Company,,.
Le rock indpendant, souvent abrg en rock ind ou indie rock, est une classification musicale apparue  la fin des annes 1970 au Royaume-Uni comme rsultat du bouleversement occasionn par l'mergence du mouvement punk.
Le Loup du Canada (Canis lupus occidentalis) est une sous-espce du loup gris dont l'aire de rpartition couvre l'ouest du Canada et l'Alaska.
Zta ou dzta (capitale , minuscule ; en grec ) est la 6e lettre de l'alphabet grec, prcde par epsilon et suivie par ta.
Un psychiatre est un mdecin spcialis en sant mentale, exerant la psychiatrie.
Dans le domaine de l'nergie, la biomasse est la matire organique d'origine vgtale (microalgues incluses), animale, bactrienne ou fongique (champignons), utilisable comme source d'nergie (bionergie).
L'historiographie dsigne gnralement lhistoire de la science historique, c'est--dire l'tude de la faon d'crire l'histoire mais peut aussi, selon l'approche choisie, dsigner les manires dcrire lhistoire, lart de lhistoire ou encore l'ensemble des publications traitant du pass et crites par les historiens.
Lublin (prononc en polonais:/lub.lin/ couter) est une ville de Pologne, chef-lieu de la vovodie de Lublin.
L'autoroute A26 (aussi appele l'autoroute des Anglais) est une autoroute qui part de Calais, passe  proximit d'Arras, de Cambrai et de Reims et se termine au sud-est de Troyes  son embranchement avec l'A5.
Une torche est un instrument qui se prsente sous la forme dun bton que lon enflamme  une extrmit pour pouvoir clairer.
Jean Simon Chardin,, n le 2 novembre 1699  Paris, mort dans la mme ville le 6 dcembre 1779, est considr comme l'un des plus grands peintres franais et europens du XVIIIesicle.
Leptinotarsa decemlineata Le Doryphore (Leptinotarsa decemlineata), ou  Doryphore de la pomme de terre, est une espce d'insectes de l'ordre des coloptres et de la famille des chrysomlids aux lytres jaunes rays de noir.
Brice Conrad, n le 18 juillet 1985  Pfulgriesheim (Bas-Rhin), est un auteur-compositeur-interprte franais, .
L'adaptation en anime se divise en deux parties distinctes: Dragon Ball s'intresse  la jeunesse du personnage principal tandis que Dragon Ball Z relate ses aventures lorsqu'il atteint l'ge adulte.
Wikipdia existe en plus de 300 langues, dans une apparence unie, mais avec de grandes variations de contenus.
Eudes d'Orlans, n le 18 mars 1968  Paris, est un membre de la maison d'Orlans qui porte le titre de courtoisie de duc d'Angoulme.
Nanmoins, il ne faut pas confondre le galique cossais avec le scots, langue germanique, forme  partir du vieil anglais parl en Northumbrie.
CSPro, abrviation deCensus and Survey Processing System est un ensemble logiciel comprenant compilateur et diffrents outils spcialiss dans le dveloppement dapplications  de collecte, visualisation, traitement et analyse de donnes.
Universal Monsters ou Universal Horror est le nom donn  une srie de films d'horreur, de suspense et de science-fiction, tous produits par la socit de production cinmatographique amricaine Universal Pictures entre 1923 et 1960.
Un changeur autoroutier est un systme de bretelles routires permettant de basculer, soit d'un type de rseau routier  un autre (d'une route ordinaire ou une voie rapide  une autoroute), soit de passer d'une autoroute  une autre.
L'histoire complexe et prestigieuse de Trieste, qui fut longtemps le principal dbouch mditerranen du Saint-Empire romain germanique puis le seul dbouch maritime de l'empire austro-hongrois avant son rattachement  l'Italie, et sa position au carrefour des trois mondes latin/italien, germanique/autrichien et slave/slovne, ont forg ici une culture et des traditions trs particulires par rapport au reste de l'Italie.
La lpre /lp/ (ou maladie de Hansen) est une maladie infectieuse chronique due  Mycobacterium leprae, une bactrie proche de l'agent responsable de la tuberculose, identifie par le Norvgien Gerhard Armauer Hansen en 1873.
La priode de rvolution, aussi appele priode orbitale, est la dure mise par un astre pour accomplir une rvolution complte autour dun autre astre (par exemple une plante autour du Soleil ou un satellite autour dune plante).
Le mont Palatin (Mons Palatium en latin, Monte Palatino en italien) est une des sept collines de Rome.
Un banc est un groupement important de poissons de la mme espce qui se dplacent ensemble, sans hirarchie.
Un satellite de reconnaissance, ou satellite espion (en langage populaire), est un satellite artificiel utilis pour des applications militaires ou de renseignement.
Progressistes (en portugais: Progressistas) anciennement Parti progressiste brsilien (PPB) puis Parti progressiste (PP) est un parti politique brsilien de droite, conservateur et libral, fond en 1995.
Le pop rock est un genre musical mlant le style pop et ses paroles lgres  des chansons rock typiquement bases sur la guitare.
Spider-Man est depuis lors l'un des personnages les plus populaires de l'univers des comics.
