One side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
The armed conflicts involve the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, mainly from the Abbala tribes of northern Sudan.

Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
Jeddah is the main entry point to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.

The Great Dark Spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
The Great Dark Spot on Neptune is likely a hole in its methane clouds.

His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
His next book, Saturday, is about a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.

The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
The tarantula, a trickster character, spun a black cord and crawled east, pulling the cord with all his strength.

There he died six weeks later, on 13 January 888.
He died there six weeks later, on 13 January 888.

They are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
They are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.

Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £5000.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway Medal winner also gets the Colin Mears Award of £5000.

Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo (a tiny drum that makes almost no sound) and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play a small drum and perform complex choreography.

The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
The spacecraft has two parts: the NASA Cassini orbiter and the ESA Huygens probe, named after famous astronomers.