The armed conflicts involve the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, mainly from the Abbala tribes of northern Sudan.
Jeddah is the main entry point to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot on Neptune is likely a hole in its methane clouds.
His next book, Saturday, is about a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, a trickster character, spun a black cord and crawled east, pulling the cord with all his strength.
He died there six weeks later, on 13 January 888.
They are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway Medal winner also gets the Colin Mears Award of £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play a small drum and perform complex choreography.
The spacecraft has two parts: the NASA Cassini orbiter and the ESA Huygens probe, named after famous astronomers.
Alessandro ('Sandro') Mazzola, born 8 November 1942, is a former Italian football player.
It was first thought that debris from the collision filled the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and got a BA in anthropology.
The BZÖ is different from the Freedom Party; it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the late 1800s with European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Getting into Tsinghua is very competitive.
Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is located on the Baltic Sea coast, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 'Sportsman of the Year' by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport similar to many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so his birthday is celebrated with yellow decorations in Thailand.
Both names were merged into The National Museum of Scotland in 2007.
Tagore copied many styles, like craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps at Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House on PBS.
Perry Saturn (with Terri) beat Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) to win the WWF European Championship by pinning him after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
Despina was discovered in late July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He completed two collections of short stories: The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
In the Voyager 2 images, Ophelia appears elongated, pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow the official state time.
Small pieces of colored and shiny shell are used to make mosaics and inlays for walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help stop Drek from destroying the galaxy by finding Captain Qwark.
It is not a true louse.
He supports a user-centered design process and promotes interaction design as a main discipline.
It is possible that the editors and the administrator who blocked you are conspiring against you.
Working Group I assesses scientific aspects of climate and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from Scotland by the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet names are combinations of numbers and names managed by the Minor Planet Center.
By early September 30, wind shear increased, causing the storm to weaken.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of data from a backup store.
Many mosques have guidelines that both men and women must follow, even if not strictly enforced.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.