One side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
There he died six weeks later, on 13 January 888.
They are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo (a tiny drum that makes almost no sound) and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro ("Sandro") Mazzola (born 8 November 1942) is an Italian former football player.
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA in anthropology.
However, the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-Withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
In 1987 Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive.
Today NRC is organised as an independent, private foundation.
It is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
Both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into The National Museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada (British Columbia), and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, Presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn (with Terri) defeated Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) to win the WWF European Championship (8:10) Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
Despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At the Voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border almost as far as Caiguna, do not follow official Western Australian time.
In architectural decoration Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark, in an effort to stop Drek.
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
Working Group I: Assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU.
By early on September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum (a nugget of data) which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser (born 10 July, 1988) is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
