Instruction prompt: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: 

IN : Toxicofera (Greek for "those who bear toxins") , is a hypothetical clade which represents about 4600 species (nearly 60 %) of extant squamates (scaled lizards.)
OUT: Around 4600 species (about 60%) of squamates (scaled lizards) belong to the hypothetical clade Toxicofera.

IN : The islands of the Caribbean Sea, collectively known as the West Indies, are sorted by size and location into the Bahamas (or Lucayan archipelago, which includes the Turks and Caicos Islands) , the Lesser Antilles, and the Greater Antilles.
OUT: The West Indies consist of the Bahamas, the Lesser Antilles, and the Greater Antilles, grouped by size and location.

IN : Some websites do not allow typographic quotation marks or apostrophes in posts (one such example being YouTube) .
OUT: Some websites disallow quotation marks and apostrophes in posts (e.g., YouTube).

IN : Ecological yield is the harvestable population growth of an ecosystem.
OUT: The harvestable growth of an ecosystem is called ecological yield.

IN : When he was 16-years-old, Davey's mother left with him to England in 1931.
OUT: At age 16, Davey went to England with his mother in 1931.

IN : With each legion having 5,120 legionaries usually supported by an equal number of auxiliary troops, the total force available to a legion commander during the Pax Romana probably ranged from 11,000 downwards, with the more prestigious legions and those stationed on hostile borders or in restive provinces tending to have more auxiliaries.
OUT: A legion had around 5,120 legionaries and an equal number of auxiliary troops, so a legion's commander could command a force of approximately 11,000 soldiers during the Pax Romana.

IN : Haylie Katherine Duff (born February 19, 1985) is an American actress and singer-songwriter.
OUT: Haylie Duff is an American actress and singer.

IN : The abridged edition of this book published in 1960 is reviewed in the Istorijski glasnik and the same review echoed in the Historical abstracts.
OUT: A review of the 1960 abridged edition of this book appeared in Istorijski glasnik and Historical abstracts.

IN : The Hanseatic city of Greifswald is enclosed by the district, but does not belong to it.
OUT: The city of Greifswald, located in the district, is independent of it.

IN : Aida, Amonasro and the captured Ethiopians plead with the Egyptian King for mercy, but the Egyptians call for their death (Aida, Amneris, Radames, The King, Amonasro, chorus: Che veggo! . .
OUT: The Egypt

IN : It peaked at number 81 on the Pop 100 chart, and number 74 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart.
OUT: Reached number 81 on the Pop 100 chart and number 74 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart.

IN : For other uses of Gisborne see Gisborne (disambiguation) .
OUT: (Note: This simplification is for the context of a Wikipedia article. In other contexts, the original sentence might be more appropriate.)

IN : An account of his experiences, which included being one of the first foreigners to visit Hiroshima after the atomic bomb was dropped, can be found in the book Warrior without Weapons.
OUT: The book contains his account of visiting Hiroshima after the atomic bomb.

IN : The client authenticates to the AS once using a long-term shared secret (e.g. a password) and receives a TGT from the AS.
OUT: The client authenticates to the AS with a long-term secret and receives a TGT. They use the TGT to request service tickets from the TGS.

IN : It was his performances of this role that would earn him the title of "King of the High Cs" .
OUT: His performances of this role made him the "King of the High Cs".

IN : Ann Jillian was born Ann Jura Nauseda in 1950, although some sources mistakenly cite 1951.
OUT: Ann Jillian was born in 1950. Some sources incorrectly state 1951.

IN : For use on the various pages on multiple unit trains.
OUT: Multiple unit trains' pages.

IN : After high school, Carroll attended junior college at the nearby College of Marin, where he played football for two years (lettering in his second year) , before transferring to the University of the Pacific, where he was a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
OUT: Carroll attended junior college at College of Marin for two years and played football there, then transferred to University of the Pacific and joined Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.

IN : The organization received a boost in prestige when President Andrew Jackson invited his Postmaster General, William T. Barry, to sit as a member of the Cabinet in 1829.
OUT: The organization gained prestige when its Postmaster General, William T. Barry, was appointed to the Cabinet in 1829.

IN : His main preoccupation was how to free Germany from the burden of reparations payments to Britain and France, imposed by the Treaty of Versailles.
OUT: The main concern of Hitler was relieving Germany from the reparations payments to Britain and France, as mandated by the Treaty of Versailles.

IN : It was hit quite badly by the 2005 Pakistan Earthquake.
OUT: It suffered damage from the 2005 Pakistan Earthquake.

IN : In subsequent years, international Test cricket has generally been organised as bilateral series: a multilateral Test tournament was not organised again until the quadrangular Asian Test Championship in 1999.
OUT: Since the late 1990s, most international Test cricket has been played in bilateral series, with occasional multilateral tournaments like the 1999 Asian Championship.

IN : In the United States, the sawmill was introduced soon after the colonisation of Virginia by recruiting skilled men from Hamburg.
OUT: The sawmill was introduced in the United States after Virginia's colonization, with skilled men from Hamburg recruited for the task.

IN : Xanthan gum is a common ingredient in fake blood recipes, and in gunge or slime.
OUT: Xanthan gum is used in fake blood and slime.

IN : Many mosques throughout the United States welcome non-Muslims as a sign of openness to the rest of the community as well as to encourage conversions to Islam.
OUT: A number of mosques in the US extend invitations to non-Muslims, fostering community connections and potentially promoting Islam.

IN : The Sims Bustin' Out is the second title in The Sims console series.
OUT: The Sims Bustin' Out is the second game in The Sims console series.

IN : Throughout the Graeco-Roman world, Isis became one of the most significant of the mystery religions, and many classical writers refer to her temples, cults, and rites.
OUT: The Graeco-Roman world recognized Isis as a major mystery religion figure, with numerous references to her temples, cults, and rituals in classical literature.

IN : Violaines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: The commune of Violaines is in the Pas-de-Calais department, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.

IN : The Embassy argued that the charge is a form of taxation, not a charge for a service, and diplomats and their staff are therefore exempt under the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations.
OUT: Diplomats and their staff are exempt from the charge according to the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations.

IN : A tropical cyclone struck Puerto Rico on July 23.
OUT: Hurricane hit Puerto Rico on July 23.

IN : A small number of articles might make Wikipedia 1.0, but the vast majority will not and for the balance there is no deadline.
OUT: A few articles would make up Wikipedia 1.0, but most will not, and there is no deadline for the rest.

IN : Wiley's Well is a remote, natural artesian well in the Colorado Desert of Southern California as well as the name of the region immediately surrounding it.
OUT: The region surrounding Wiley's Well is called by that name. Wiley's Well is a remote, natural artesian well in the Colorado Desert of Southern California.

IN : When including spoilers, editors should make sure that an encyclopedic purpose is being served.
OUT: Editors should ensure spoilers serve an encyclopedic purpose.

IN : Written by Lewis between 1949 and 1954, illustrated by Pauline Baynes and originally published in London between October 1950 and March 1956, The Chronicles of Narnia has been adapted several times, complete or in part, for radio, television, the stage, and film.
OUT: The Chronicles of Narnia, written by Lewis between 1949 and 1954 and first published in London from 1950 to 1956, has been adapted for various media.

IN : In the 1980s a reconstruction of the historic center began.
OUT: The historic center was reconstructed in the 1980s.

IN : This order carried the threat of a maximum $ 10,000 fine and a maximum of ten years in prison for anyone who kept more than $ 100 of gold in preference to banknotes.
OUT: A fine of up to $10,000 and a prison sentence of up to ten years could be imposed on anyone holding more than $100 in gold instead of banknotes.

IN : It was upgraded to a tropical storm later that day and named Hanna.
OUT: The tropical storm was named Hanna that day.

IN : Many spaniel breeds were developed during the 19th century, and often named after the counties in which they were developed, or after their owners, who were usually nobility. Two strains of larger land spaniel were predominant and were said to have been of "true springer type."
OUT: During the 19th century, several spaniel breeds originated, often named after their counties of origin or noble owners. The Sussex and Shropshire spaniels were the most common and were considered to be the true springer type.

IN : Since the move to the CW Network, Friday Night SmackDown!
OUT: Friday Night SmackDown! on CW Network averages 2.5 million viewers per episode.

IN : During the last ten days of Ramadan, larger mosques will host all-night programs to observe Laylat al-Qadr, the night Muslims believe that Muhammad first received Qur ` anic revelations.
OUT: In the last ten days of Ramadan, large mosques will hold all-night observances for Laylat al-Qadr, the night Muslims believe Muhammad received the first Quranic revelations.

IN : The region takes its name from the Balkan Mountains, which run through the center of Bulgaria into eastern Serbia.
OUT: The region is named after the Balkan Mountains, which stretch through Bulgaria into eastern Serbia.

IN : The following table shows some 2 dimensional projections of these polytopes.
OUT: A two-dimensional table displays some 2D projections of polytopes.

IN : For example, you create a (template) page in Wikipedia with your home mailing address and then include that template not only on your page, but all your friends' pages, too.
OUT: Example: You create a template page in Wikipedia with your home mailing address and use it on your page and your friends' pages.

IN : Later that night, Nick, considered the second strongest member after Terry, was voted out along former tribal lines, 6-4.
OUT: Later that night, Nick, the second strongest member after Terry, was voted out in a 6-4 tribal council.

IN : The giant impact hypothesis thus explains the Moon's abnormal composition.
OUT: The Moon's abnormal composition is explained by the giant impact hypothesis.

IN : When South Africa became a republic in 1961, Pretoria remained its administrative capital.
OUT: In 1961, Pretoria became South Africa's administrative capital when the country became a republic.

IN : It's analogous to bird droppings: it might be beneficial to notice some short-term patterns, such as when cars parked under some trees get bombarded with bird droppings, but it is less useful to record all the millions of bird droppings, everywhere in the world, in a giant database of history listings.
OUT: A few cars under certain trees may benefit from observing short-term bird dropping patterns, but recording all bird droppings globally in a database is less valuable.

IN : Aside from Tahiti, some other important atolls, islands, and island groups in French Polynesia are: Ahe, Bora Bora, Hiva Oa, Huahine, Maiao, Maupiti, Mehetia, Moorea, Nuku Hiva, Raiatea, Tahaa, Tetiaroa, Tubuai, and Tupai.
OUT: Other significant islands in French Polynesia, besides Tahiti, include Ahe, Bora Bora, Hiva Oa, Huahine, Maiao, Maupiti,

IN : Ailly-sur-Noye is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.
OUT: Ailly-sur-Noye is a commune in northern France, in the Somme department.

IN : The season finale including the announcement of the winner and a live reunion of all the season's contestants at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City, on David Letterman's Late Show stage which was decorated to look like the set in the Amazon.
OUT: The season finale features the announcement of the winner and a live reunion of all contestants at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City, on David Letterman's Late Show stage.

IN : Barthold Fles, a diabetic for several decades, died on December 19, 1989, aged 87.
OUT: Barthold Fles, 87, died on December 19, 1989, having been a diabetic for several decades.

IN : Zhob district is subdivided into three subdistricts: Zhob, Kakkar and Sherani.
OUT: Zhob district is divided into three subdistricts: Zhob, Kakkar, and Sherani.

IN : Torts may be categorised in a number of ways: one such way is to divide them into Negligence Torts, and Intentional Torts.
OUT: Torts can be classified as Negligence Torts and Intentional Torts.

IN : Following his first movie, L'ultimo Combattimento, (1940) he produced nearly 150 films during the next seven decades.
OUT: He produced nearly 150 films over the next seven decades after his first movie, L'ultimo Combattimento (1940).

IN : If the animal can not be captured, prophylactic rabies treatment is recommended in most places.
OUT: If the animal can't be captured, get prophylactic rabies treatment in most cases.

IN : Peach Orchard is a town in Clay County, Arkansas, United States.
OUT: The town of Peach Orchard is in Clay County, Arkansas, USA.

IN : It shows a model of embryological development where fish (F) , reptiles (R) , and birds (B) represent branches from a path leading to mammals (M) .
OUT: A model depicts the embryological development of fish (F), reptiles (R), and birds (B) as branches on the path to mammals (M).

IN : He believes Afghanistan under the rule of Mullah Omar's Taliban was "the only Islamic country" in the Muslim world.
OUT: He believed Afghanistan under Taliban rule was the sole Islamic country.

IN : Masaru Matsuhashi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ventforet Kofu.
OUT: Masaru Matsuhashi plays football for Ventforet Kofu.

IN : Rotberg used the global bond market to increase the capital available to the bank.
OUT: Rotberg raised capital for the bank through the global bond market.

IN : A leisurely stroll around the town will reveal many fine buildings.
OUT: A leisurely walk around town will show many beautiful structures.

IN : Although he's best remembered today as the star in the first (full length) talking movie, The Jazz Singer in 1927, he later starred in a series of successful musical films throughout the 1930s.
OUT: He's best remembered for The Jazz Singer in 1927, but he also starred in musical films in the 1930s.

IN : The first rubber ice cube tray was invented by Lloyd Groff Copeman.
OUT: This sentence is already simplified. The meaning is clear and concise. There is no need for further simplification.

IN : Over the course of the following decade their landscape painting excursions together, in Louveciennes and Pontoise, led to a collaborative working relationship between equals.
OUT: Their painting excursions in Louveciennes and Pontoise over the next decade led to an equal collaborative working relationship.

IN : However, while Mrs. Rabbit is shopping and the girls are collecting blackberries, Peter sneaks into the garden.
OUT: While Mrs. Rabbit shops and the girls pick blackberries, Peter enters the garden.

IN : Piper also stars as Hannah Baxter\/Belle de Jour in Secret Diary of a Call Girl, an ITV2 adaptation of Belle de Jour's The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl, a memoir detailing the life of a high-class prostitute.
OUT: Piper stars in Secret Diary of a Call Girl as Hannah Baxter/Belle de Jour, a high-class prostitute.

IN : The University of Virginia (also The University, Mr. Jefferson's University, or Virginia; often abbreviated as U. Va. or UVA) is a public research university located in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States, founded by Thomas Jefferson.
OUT: University of Virginia is a public research university in Charlottesville, Virginia, founded by Thomas Jefferson.

IN : The following brands are used:
OUT: The brands used are: Nike, Adidas, Puma, Reebok, New Balance, Fila.

IN : The Athanasian Creed has been used by Christian churches since the sixth century.
OUT: The Athanasian Creed has been used by churches since the sixth century.

IN : On March 31, 2006, the amateur radio operators from AMSAT in Germany tracked and received radio waves from Voyager 1 using the 20 m dish at Bochum with a long integration technique.
OUT: The amateur radio operators from AMSAT in Germany received radio waves from Voyager 1 using a 20-meter dish at Bochum on March 31, 2006. They employed a long integration technique.

IN : One of the best ways to go about this is to request this on the article's talk page.
OUT: The best way to handle this is to ask about it on the article's talk page.

IN : In 1986, FIFA published a report that ranked all teams in each World Cup up to and including 1986, based on progress in the competition, overall results and quality of the opposition. The rankings for the 1986 tournament were as follows:
OUT: FIFA published World Cup team rankings in 1986 based on competition progress, results, and opposition quality. Here are the rankings.

IN : In 2004 it was reported that Lahore alone has 10,000 active transvestites.
OUT: The sentence is already simplified. It reports that there are 10,000 active transvestites in Lahore.

IN : "I Decided" is a song by American singer Solange Knowles, written and composed by Knowles and producer Pharrell Williams for her second studio album Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams (2008) .
OUT: "I Decided" is a song by Solange.

IN : Mudrick portrayed Austen as isolated, defensive, and critical of her society, and described in detail the relationship he saw between Austen's attitude toward contemporary literature and her use of irony as a technique to contrast the realities of her society with what she felt they should be.
OUT: Mudrick depicted Austen as critical of society, using irony to contrast reality and ideal.

IN : Extremely rare sightings of whooping cranes have been recorded, however only three examples of this species are known to live in the Rocky Mountains, out of 385 known worldwide.
OUT: The whooping crane population in the Rocky Mountains is extremely small, with only three individuals known to exist. (Out of 385 worldwide)

IN : Anne Marie was displaced as his heir by the birth of the Old Pretender's son, Charles Edward Stuart ("Bonnie Prince Charlie") , on 31 December 1720.
OUT: Anne Marie lost her heir status in 1720 with the birth of Bonnie Prince Charlie.

IN : At the same time, the Central Bank of China (now known as the Central Bank of the Republic of China) began issuing New Taiwan dollar banknotes directly and the old notes issued by the Bank of Taiwan were taken out of circulation.
OUT: The Central Bank of China started issuing New Taiwan dollars and phased out the old Bank of Taiwan notes.

IN : Olivine in general is a very abundant mineral, but gem quality peridot is rather rare.
OUT: Gem-quality peridot is rare, despite olivine being common.

IN : According to the 2002 Romanian census there are a total of 35,791 Lipovans in Romania, of whom 21,623 living in Dobruja.
OUT: There are 21,623 Lipovans living in Dobruja, and a total of 35,791 Lipovans in Romania.

IN : Shillong (Khasi: Shillong) is the capital of Meghalaya, one of the smallest states in India and home to the Khasis.
OUT: Shillong is the capital of Meghalaya, a small Indian state where the Khasi people live.

IN : It is used by many mathematics journals, which ask authors of research papers and expository articles to list subject codes from the Mathematics Subject Classification in their papers.
OUT: Authors of research papers and expository articles in mathematics journals are required to list subject codes from the Mathematics Subject Classification.

IN : Nixon appeared at one of Graham's revivals in East Tennessee in 1970; the event drew one of the largest crowds to ever gather in Tennessee.
OUT: Nixon attended one of Graham's revivals in East Tennessee in 1970, attracting one of Tennessee's largest crowds.

IN : At the end of the 1990s, the then stadium owners Barnsley Football Club were considering re-developing the West Stand after several seasons of high attendances, however with the rapid decline in fortunes of the football club, subsequent sale of the stadium and new club ownership these plans are unlikely to come to fruition in the near future.
OUT: The stadium owners of Barnsley Football Club were considering re-developing the West Stand in the late 1990s due to high attendances. However, the football club's fortunes declined rapidly, resulting in a sale of the stadium and new ownership. Therefore, the re

IN : All belong to the large order Perciformes, or perch-like fishes, and in fact the word bass comes from Middle English bars, meaning "perch."
OUT: The Perciformes order includes all bass species, with the name "bass" originating from the Middle English word for perch.

IN : Read-write snapshots are branching snapshots because they implicitly allow diverging versions of an LV.
OUT: Read-write snapshots allow diverging versions of an LV.

IN : Organisers called it the biggest anti-nuclear demonstration the country has seen.
OUT: This was the largest anti-nuclear protest in the country.

IN : Historically, the practice of green manuring can be traced back to the fallow cycle of crop rotation, which was used to allow soils to recover.
OUT: Green manuring originated from the fallow period in crop rotation for soil recovery.

IN : It took place on January 31, 2010 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia and featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown and ECW brands.
OUT: The event occurred at Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia on January 31, 2010, involving performers from Raw, SmackDown, and ECW.

IN : Up jumped the swagman and sprang into the billabong, "You'll never catch me alive" , said he, And his ghost may be heard as you pass by that billabong, "You'll come a-Waltzing Matilda, with me" .
OUT: The swagman jumped into the billabong and shouted, "You'll never catch me alive," and his ghost is said to sing, "You'll come a-Waltzing Matilda, with me."

IN : This enormous diversity of antibodies allows the immune system to recognize an equally wide variety of antigens.
OUT: The immune system recognizes various antigens due to the vast array of antibodies it produces.

IN : Kevin Forrest Cash (born December 6, 1977 in Tampa, Florida) is a Major League Baseball catcher who is in the Texas Rangers organization.
OUT: Kevin Cash, born December 6, 1977 in Tampa, is a Major League Baseball catcher for the Texas Rangers.

IN : This system replaces each diacritic with an x after the letter, producing the six digraphs cx, gx, hx, jx, sx, and ux.
OUT: The system replaces diacritics with x. It forms the digraphs cx, gx, hx, jx, sx, and ux.

IN : It is the county seat of Marshall County.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It is the county seat of Marshall County. The county seat of Marshall County is it.

IN : ... The book must be ` one of the most skilful pastiches in the history of literature.
OUT: The book is one of the most skillful pastiches in literature's history.

IN : Adams headed back to Europe and played in East Berlin and later West Berlin.
OUT: Adams played in East and later West Berlin.

IN : The independence of Pakistan in 1947 led to the divisions of the Punjab province into two new provinces.
OUT: Pakistan's independence in 1947 resulted in the creation of two new provinces from Punjab.

IN : Bluetooth exists in many products, such as the iPod Touch, Lego Mindstorms NXT, PlayStation 3, PSP Go, telephones, the Nintendo Wii, and some high definition headsets, modems, and watches.
OUT: Bluetooth is used in various products, including iPod Touch, Lego Mindstorms NXT, PlayStation 3, PSP Go, phones, Nintendo Wii, headsets, modems, and watches.

IN : It is intended to be paired with and uses the same arguments.
OUT: It uses the same arguments as it is paired with.

IN : The song peaked at number six on the Billboard alternative rock chart, making it the band's second top 10 single (the first being previous single "Prayer of the Refugee") and highest charting single from the album.
OUT: The song reached the Billboard alternative rock chart's top 10, making it the band's second such single and highest-charting one from the album.

IN : Ferydoon Zandi (, born in Emden, Germany, on April 26, 1979) is a German-Iranian football midfielder.
OUT: Ferry Zandi, born April 26, 1979, in Emden, Germany, is a German-Iranian football midfielder.

IN : IBM introduced a series of more affordable computers, the IBM 650 (1954) , IBM 1620 (1959) , IBM 1130 (1965) addressed to the science and engineering market.
OUT: IB: Introduced more affordable computers: IBM 650 (1954), IBM 1620 (1959), IBM 1130 (1965) for science and engineering market.

IN : The Australian dollar (sign: $ ; code: AUD) is the currency of the Commonwealth of Australia, including Christmas Island, Cocos (Keeling) Islands, and Norfolk Island, as well as the independent Pacific Island states of Kiribati, Nauru and Tuvalu.
OUT: The Australian dollar is the currency of Australia, Christmas Island, Cocos (Keeling) Islands, Norfolk Island, Kiribati, Nauru, and Tuvalu.

IN : The district of Entremont is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
OUT: The district of Entremont is in Valais, Switzerland.

IN : Bin Laden is antisemitic, and has delivered warnings against alleged Jewish conspiracies: `` These Jews are masters of usury and leaders in treachery.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Bin Laden is antisemitic, and has delivered warnings against alleged Jewish conspiracies: `` These Jews are masters of usury and leaders in treachery. They have attained mastery over our societies and have subjugated our people. They have stolen our resources and drained our wealth. They have spread among us diseases and deceit. They have inflicted upon us humiliation and debasement. They have taken our lands and our holy places. They have shed our blood and violated our sanctities. They have taken us as their slaves and made us their subjects. They have taken our women as their concubines and made our men

IN : Marilyn passed over the islands of Vieques and Culebra, where it caused much damage.
OUT: Marilyn passed over Vieques and Culebra islands.

IN : By consulting the colophons in the Left Ginza, Jorunn J. Buckley has identified an uninterrupted chain of copyists to the late 2nd or early 3rd c. AD.
OUT: Jorunn J. Buckley identified an uninterrupted copyist chain to the late 2nd or early 3rd century AD, using the colophons in the Left Ginza.

IN : Manchester has formal twinning arrangements (or "friendship agreements") with several places.
OUT: Manchester has agreements with several places.

IN : Kiviuq (also spelled Keeveeok, Qiviuq or Kivioq) is a legendary and heroic Inuk, a sort of Inuit Odysseus.
OUT: Kiviuq is a legendary Inuit hero.

IN : It traveled west, and landfall occurred near Bluefields, Nicaragua on July 28, with Cesar at Category 1 strength.
OUT: Hurricane Cesar hit Nicaragua on July 28.

IN : The male then guards the eggs until they hatch.
OUT: Male guards eggs until they hatch.

IN : He had also been nominated for Album of the Year for Justified, Record of the Year for "Cry Me a River" , and Best Rap\/Sung Collaboration for "Where Is the Love?"
OUT: The artist was nominated for Album of the Year ("Justified"), Record of the Year ("Cry Me a River"), and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration ("Where Is the Love?") at the 48th Grammy Awards.

IN : Waichiro Omura (born January 1, 1933) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Omura was a Japanese football player. (Simplified sentence)

IN : Tamil Jains number only a few thousand now.
OUT: There are only a few thousand Tamil Jains.

IN : Her trial and conviction were a major focus of attention for the Australian media.
OUT: The Australian media paid great attention to her trial and conviction.

IN : Lexington was founded in June 1775 in what was then Virginia (17 years before Kentucky became a state in 1792) .
OUT: Lexington was founded in June 1775 (in what was then Virginia).

IN : They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the only team in their division not to be based in California.
OUT: The team is in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the NBA and is the only one not from California.

IN : In addition to the federal observance, some states officially commemorate Leif Erikson Day, particularly in the Upper Midwest, where large numbers of people from the Nordic countries settled.
OUT: Some states in the Upper Midwest celebrate Leif Erikson Day along with the federal observance.

IN : Christian metal bands exist in all the subgenres of heavy metal music, and the only common link between most Christian metal bands are the lyrics.
OUT: Christian metal bands exist across heavy metal subgenres, linked primarily by their lyrics.

IN : More than 95 percent of the land area lies in Monroe County, but a small portion extends northeast into Miami-Dade County, primarily in the city of Islandia, Florida.
OUT: The majority of Monroe County's land is located there, with a minimal portion extending into Miami-Dade County, specifically in the city of Islandia.

IN : (The production executive at Film studio Mosfilm, where Meadow was being made, was also replaced, but without further executions.)
OUT: A new production executive was appointed at Film studio Mosfilm in place of the previous one, during the making of Meadow, but no further executions took place.

IN : Scottsburg Fire Department has the youngest fire chief in the State of Indiana.
OUT: Scottsburg's fire chief is Indiana's youngest.

IN : The name is thought to be derived from Greta River in Cumberland, England.
OUT: The name is believed to originate from Greta River in Cumberland, England.

IN : q Sauber subsequently became BMW works team BMW Sauber, then reverted back to Sauber.
OUT: Sauber became BMW's works team as BMW Sauber, then reverted back to Sauber.

IN : He had numerous strong results in the knockout tournaments for the FIDE World Chess Championships 1998-2004, with his best result being a semi-finalist in 1997.
OUT: He reached the semifinals in a FIDE World Chess Championship knockout tournament (1997).

IN : In the viviparous animals (which include humans and all other placental mammals) , the ovum is fertilized inside the female body, and the embryo then develops inside the uterus, receiving nutrition directly from the mother.
OUT: The viviparous animals, including humans and placental mammals, develop embryos inside their mothers' uterus with direct nutrition.

IN : A second tour followed with the band Vidoll, and the bands were featured together on the November issue of Cure, a magazine focusing on Visual Kei bands.
OUT: The bands were featured together in the November issue of Cure magazine.

IN : The heat released by the deflagration causes the combustion gases and excess air to try to expand thermally as well.
OUT: The deflagration's heat causes the gases and excess air to expand.

IN : Flannelette typically refers to a napped cotton the texture of flannel.
OUT: Flannelette is a type of cotton with a flannel-like texture.

IN : In acid conditions, iodic acid is formed.
OUT: Iodic acid forms in acidic conditions.

IN : The strongest evidence comes from Kalambo Falls in Zambia where several artifacts related to the use of fire by humans had been recovered including charred logs, charcoal, reddened areas, carbonized grass stems and plants, and wooden implements which may have been hardened by fire.
OUT: The strongest evidence for human use of fire comes from Kalambo Falls in Zambia, where charred logs, charcoal, reddened areas, carbonized grass stems and plants, and wooden implements have been found.

IN : The network was also a launching point for the music videos of pop musician\/children's performers such as Laurie Berkner, Lisa Loeb, and Dan Zanes, initially as filler between 23-minute-long shows run commercial-free, and (because of their success in that format) now as music video shows like Move to the Music.
OUT: The network featured music videos of pop musicians/children's performers like Laurie Berkner, Lisa Loeb, and Dan Zanes. Initially, these videos filled the gaps between commercial-free shows. Now, they have their own music video shows.

IN : Instead he stares at the ceiling and walls with a blank stare (although this is not uncommon with top players who calculate without looking at the board) .
OUT: He stares at the ceiling and walls with a blank stare (common among top players).

IN : Founded in 1918, it initially specialised in industrial electric motors and transformers.
OUT: The company was established in 1918, focusing on industrial electric motors and transformers.

IN : Also of note are Hurricane Ekeka and Tropical Storm Hali, which formed in late January and late March, respectively.
OUT: The notable hurricanes are Hurricane Ekeka and Tropical Storm Hali, which formed in late January and late March.

IN : Wacquinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Wacquinghen is a French commune in the Pas-de-Calais department.

IN : Callaway is located at.
OUT: Callaway is located at.

IN : The first prototypes were built in 2006 and tested out of service from 2008, the main fleet introduced into revenue service from 2009 to 2012.
OUT: The first prototypes were built and tested between 2006 and 2008. The main fleet was introduced into revenue service from 2009 to 2012.

IN : Superman is a fictional character, a comic book superhero appearing in publications by DC Comics, widely considered to be an American cultural icon.
OUT: Superman is a well-known fictional superhero from DC Comics.

IN : The game is set in the fictional location of Spiral Mountain where a bear named Banjo and a bird named Kazooie live.
OUT: Banjo and Kazooie live at Spiral Mountain.

IN : More vocals, timpani and drums were overdubbed on 31 July.
OUT: Additional vocals, timpani, and drums were recorded on 31 July.

IN : Joy Division's posthumously released second album, Closer (1980) , and the single "Love Will Tear Us Apart" became the band's highest charting releases.
OUT: Closer (1980) and "Love Will Tear Us Apart" were Joy Division's highest charting releases.

IN : The story was widely reprinted and closely linked the Liberty Bell to the Declaration of Independence in the public mind.
OUT: The Liberty Bell became closely associated with the Declaration of Independence in the public mind due to its widespread reprinting.

IN : Fays-la-Chapelle is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
OUT: Fays-la-Chapelle is a commune in north-central France, located in the Aube department.

IN : They often have a contrapuntal texture.
OUT: A contrapuntal texture is common for them.

IN : Class D3\/6 were diesel shunters built in 1935 by English Electric for the London, Midland and Scottish Railway.
OUT: Class D36 diesel shunters were built by English Electric in 1935 for the London, Midland and Scottish Railway.

IN : brand featured Eddie Guerrero versus Kurt Angle for the WWE Championship which Guerrero won after a Small package.
OUT: Brand showcased a WWE Championship match between Eddie Guerrero and Kurt Angle, with Guerrero emerging victorious using a small package.

IN : Template: S-rail-start is a variant of the generic template used to begin thousands of succession boxes.
OUT: Template: S-rail-start is a variant used in thousands of succession boxes.

IN : He often painted on paper that was glued to a wooden panel.
OUT: He frequently painted on paneled paper.

IN : Tilly-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: The commune Tilly-sur-Seulles is in Calvados, Basse-Normandie, France.

IN : Queen Latifah's work in music, film and television has earned her a Golden Globe award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, two Image Awards, a Grammy Award, six additional Grammy nominations, an Emmy Award nomination and an Academy Award nomination.
OUT: Queen Latifah has won several awards for her work in music, film, and television.

IN : After Gothic Plague came Fixed Penalty, and after that, Rocket Baby Dolls.
OUT: After the Gothic Plague, there were the Rocket Baby Dolls, with Fixed Penalty in between.

IN : Belle Haven is a town in Accomack and Northampton counties in the U.S. state of Virginia.
OUT: Belle Haven is a town in Virginia, located in Accomack and Northampton counties.

IN : Two numbers of the same order of magnitude have roughly the same scale: the larger value is less than ten times the smaller value.
OUT: The numbers are approximately equal in size.

IN : Bairiki is a village and an islet now part of South Tarawa, and at one time itself the center of government (and therefore, capital) of Kiribati.
OUT: The village of Bairiki is the former capital of Kiribati, now part of South Tarawa.

IN : The remaining two teams in the Eastern conference and Western Conference after the second round play off.
OUT: The two teams in each conference advance to the next round.

IN : The group was then charged with establishing official lyrics for each song; for "God Save the Queen" , the English words were those inherited from the United Kingdom and the French words were taken from those that had been adopted in 1952 for the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II. When the bill pronouncing "O Canada" as the national anthem was put through parliament, the joint committee's earlier recommendations regarding "God Save the Queen" were not included.
OUT: The group was tasked with setting official lyrics for each song. For "God Save the Queen," the English words were from the UK version, and the French words were from the 

IN : However, some performances connected to the festival take place before and after the official dates.
OUT: Some performances at the festival occur before and after the official dates.

IN : Bear, Gregory Benford, and David Brin wrote a trilogy of prequel novels to Isaac Asimov's famous Foundation trilogy with Bear credited for the middle book in the trilogy.
OUT: Gregory Bear and David Brin, along with Isaac Asimov, wrote the middle and later books in the Foundation trilogy.

IN : Robert Chambers in his anonymous Vestiges also clearly made the point.
OUT: Robert Chambers made this point anonymously in Vestiges.

IN : The actual construction of the monument began in 1848 but was not completed until 1884, almost 30 years after the architect's death.
OUT: The monument's construction started in 1848 and finished in 1884, a 30-year span after the architect's death.

IN : Ottakring is the 16th District in the city of Vienna, Austria.
OUT: Ottakring is Vienna's 16th district.

IN : We live with the consequences today. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: We live with the consequences today. ''We face the results now.''

IN : The comedy drama, centred on British underclass and working class culture, has been accorded critical acclaim by various sections of the British media, including The Sun newspaper and Newsnight Review on BBC Two.
OUT: The comedy-drama, set in British underclass and working-class culture, has received critical acclaim from The Sun and BBC Two's Newsnight Review.

IN : The channel is the successor to the similar BBC Choice and was launched on 9 February 2003, eleven months after the originally planned launch date (and the launch of BBC Four) .
OUT: The channel succeeded BBC Choice and launched on 9 February 2003.

IN : The title is not correctly used on its own.
OUT: The title is incorrect when used alone.

IN : This classification is used to define the Global 200 list of ecoregions identified by the WWF as priorities for conservation.
OUT: The WWF identifies priority ecoregions for conservation using this classification.

IN : The people of Nagar and Hunza were ruled by a local Mir for more than 1200 years, until both states were dissolved in 1974.
OUT: The people of Nagar and Hunza were under local Mir rule for over 1200 years, until their dissolution in 1974.

IN : From September 2006, the first train underwent testing at Bombardier's manufacturing and test site at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby.
OUT: The first train underwent testing at Bombardier's site in Derby from September 2006.

IN : Rudolph Joseph Migay (born November 18, 1928 in Port Arthur, Ontario) is a retired a Canadian ice hockey forward.
OUT: Migay, born November 18, 1928 in Port Arthur, Ontario, is a retired ice hockey forward.

IN : The New Wave of British Heavy Metal (frequently abbreviated as NWOBHM and pronounced) was a heavy metal movement that started in the late 1970s, in Britain, and achieved international attention by the early 1980s.
OUT: The New Wave of British Heavy Metal (NWOBHM) was a heavy metal movement that started in Britain in the late 1970s and gained international attention by the early 1980s.

IN : She briefly attended Edgewood College in Madison, Wisconsin, and Spring Hill College in Mobile, but transferred to Xavier University of Louisiana in New Orleans, where she became an active member of the Gamma Alpha Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in 1969.
OUT: She transferred to Xavier University of Louisiana and joined Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in 1969.

IN : Thomas of Whitney was the master mason.
OUT: Thomas was the master mason.

IN : Adobe soon started distributing its Acrobat Reader (now Adobe Reader) program at no cost, and continued supporting the original PDF, which eventually became the de facto standard for printable documents on the web (a standard web document) .
OUT: A common standard for printable documents on the web is Adobe PDF, supported by Adobe Reader, which is now free.

IN : Most often aluminium adjuvants are used, but adjuvants like squalene are also used in some vaccines and more vaccines with squalene and phosphate adjuvants are being tested.
OUT: Aluminum adjuvants are commonly used, but some vaccines contain squalene or phosphate adjuvants instead.

IN : After control is established and the environment is set for the virus to begin making copies of itself, replication occurs quickly.
OUT: Replication occurs rapidly once control is established and the environment is ready.

IN : He had been a surgeon-superintendent of ships taking convicts to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land (now known as Tasmania) .
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: He had been a surgeon-superintendent of ships taking convicts to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land (now known as Tasmania) . He was also a surgeon on the First Fleet, the group of eleven ships that brought the first British settlers to Australia in 1He was a surgeon who oversaw medical operations on ships transporting convicts to Australia, specifically to New South Wales and Tasmania, and was also a surgeon on the First Fleet.

IN : Among such historical treasures, Seokguram grotto, Bulguksa temple, Gyeongju Historic Areas and Yangdong Folk Village are designated as World Heritage Sites by UNESCO.
OUT: The following historical sites have been designated as UNESCO World Heritage Sites: Seokguram grotto, Bulguksa temple, Gyeongju Historic Areas, and Yangdong Folk Village.

IN : Burj Khalifa is highly compartmentalised. Pressurized, air-conditioned refuge floors are located approximately every 35 floors where people can shelter on their long walk down to safety in case of an emergency or fire.
OUT: The Burj Khalifa has refuge floors approximately every 35 stories for emergency shelter.

IN : Major features were planned for Blackcomb, including an emphasis on searching and querying data and an advanced storage system named WinFS to enable such scenarios.
OUT: Blackcomb was designed to focus on data searching and querying, with an advanced storage system called WinFS.

IN : It even dropped snow over some areas of Eastern Quebec and Labrador.
OUT: The snow dropped in some areas of Eastern Quebec and Labrador.

IN : In many countries where brothels are officially illegal, the laws are ignored; often brothels in such countries are not only tolerated, but also regulated by authorities.
OUT: The laws are often ignored in countries where brothels are officially illegal, and these establishments are sometimes even tolerated and regulated by authorities.

IN : Coleridge-Taylor's work was later championed by Malcolm Sargent, who between 1928 and 1939 conducted ten seasons of a costumed ballet version of The Song of Hiawatha at the Royal Albert Hall with the Royal Choral Society (600 to 800 singers) and 200 dancers.
OUT: Coleridge-Taylor's work was championed by Malcolm Sargent from 1928 to 1939, conducting a ballet version of The Song of Hiawatha at the Royal Albert

IN : Immediately under the President are the offices of four Vice-Presidents - Executive Vice President, Vice President for Academic Affairs, Vice President for Administration, and Vice President for Finance and Planning.
OUT: The Vice Presidents report directly to the President.

IN : It was named in October 2002 after the Greek mythological figure Kalyke or Calyce.
OUT: The sentence is named after Kalyke or Calyce and was given this name in October 2002.

IN : Freud argued that children then passed through a stage in which they fixated on the mother as a sexual object (known as the Oedipus Complex) but that the child eventually overcame and repressed this desire because of its taboo nature.
OUT: Freud proposed the Oedipus Complex, a stage where children have sexual desires for their parents, which they eventually repress.

IN : Also located within Snake River Plain is the Idaho National Laboratory.
OUT: The Idaho National Laboratory is on the Snake River Plain.

IN : The film stars Shahrukh Khan, Manisha Koirala, and Preity Zinta.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The film stars Shahrukh Khan, Manisha Koirala, and Preity Zinta. Shahrukh Khan, Manisha Koirala, and Preity Zinta appear in the film.

IN : Alexander Gray (June 21, 1899 - April 10, 1986) was a Canadian ice hockey right winger for the New York Rangers and the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1927 to 1933.
OUT: Alexander Gray (1899-1933) was a Canadian ice hockey right winger for the New York Rangers and Toronto Maple Leafs.

IN : The period between the World Wars saw the election of reformist mayor Fiorello La Guardia and the fall of Tammany Hall after 80 years of political dominance.
OUT: During the time between the World Wars, reformist mayor Fiorello La Guardia was elected, and Tammany Hall, which had ruled politics for 80 years, fell.

IN : The party also played role in establishment of Democratic Republic of Armenia, as party members took part in the Battle of Sardarapat, during the World War I at Caucasus Campaign, which defended the Armenian capital Yerevan from the Army of Islam of the Ottoman Empire.
OUT: The party helped establish the Democratic Republic of Armenia during World War I by participating in the Battle of Sardarapat, defending Yerevan from the Ottoman Empire's Army of Islam.

IN : His popularity in France went down during the 1870s after the Second Empire, and he fled France, but during the last years of his life, his popularity rebounded, and several of his operettas are still performed.
OUT: His popularity in France fluctuated during the 1870s. He fled the country, but later in life, his operettas remained popular.

IN : The area was rich in fauna including kangaroo, kangaroo rats, bandicoots, dingos, and two species of native cat.
OUT: The area was home to various native animals like kangaroos, kangaroo rats, bandicoots, dingos, and two types of native cats.

IN : The IB governance is composed of an IB Board of Governors.
OUT: The IB Board of Governors oversees the IB.

IN : However, many growers, traders, and consumers reject such lab test numbers.
OUT: Many reject lab test numbers.

IN : The landowners sued the park owners in 2004, claiming that the park had an improper insurance policy and that fireworks were prohibited in the lease.
OUT: A. In 2004, the park owners were sued by the landowners over an alleged improper insurance policy and a ban on fireworks.

IN : The party membership was largely absorbed by the Republican Party in 1854.
OUT: The Republican Party absorbed most of the party membership in 1854.

IN : This modern faction is dominantly voiced through the anarcho-punk and crust punk subcultures, in attempt to combat what is seen by those groups as a general devaluation of, and profitization from, life.
OUT: A modern faction expresses its views primarily through anarcho-punk and crust punk subcultures, aiming to challenge perceived devaluation and commercialization of life.

IN : NOAA warns of dangerous weather, charts seas and skies, guides the use and protection of ocean and coastal resources, and conducts research to improve understanding and stewardship of the environment.
OUT: NOAA issues weather warnings, charts seas and skies, manages ocean and coastal resources, and conducts environmental research.

IN : Troy Island Mell, of IGN, felt that the story "would (not) be anywhere near as good as it is without its ability to create such strong characters" .
OUT: Troy Mell of IGN believed the story's strength came from its characters.

IN : Heidfeld was then tipped for a seat at Sauber alongside Kamui Kobayashi but they decided to go with Pedro de la Rosa.
OUT: Heidfeld was a contender for a Sauber seat, but they chose Pedro de la Rosa instead.

IN : Yellowstone Lake is one of the largest high-altitude lakes in North America and is centered over the Yellowstone Caldera, the largest supervolcano on the continent.
OUT: Yellowstone Lake, a large high-altitude lake over the Yellowstone Caldera, North America's largest supervolcano.

IN : Officially, the games lasted for four and a half months; in fact, James Edward Sullivan tried to hold an event every day for the duration of the fair.
OUT: The games lasted for four and a half months, with James Edward Sullivan attempting to hold an event every day.

IN : The complex at Den Oever includes the Stevin lock and three series of five sluices for discharging the IJsselmeer into the Wadden Sea; the other complex at Kornwerderzand is composed of the Lorentz locks and two series of five sluices, making a total of 25 discharge sluices.
OUT: The complexes at Den Oever and Kornwerderzand each have sluices for discharging the IJsselmeer into the Wadden Sea. Den Oever has the Stevin lock and three series of five sluices, while Korn

IN : Missy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Missy is a commune in northwestern France, located in the Calvados department of the Basse-Normandie region.

IN : Rucker and his publisher marketed the book, tongue in cheek, as non-fiction.
OUT: The book was marketed as non-fiction by Rucker and his publisher with a tongue-in-check approach.

IN : After playing a few years in the minors, Bragnalo moved onto playing hockey in Italy with the team of the Val Pusteria Wolves, former EV Bruneck.
OUT: Bragnalo played in the minors for a few years before joining the Val Pusteria Wolves in Italy.

IN : A drill press (also known as pedestal drill, pillar drill, or bench drill) is a fixed style of drill that may be mounted on a stand or bolted to the floor or workbench.
OUT: A drill press is a type of drill secured to a stand or work surface.

IN : Dagtse Dzong overlooks the roads to Yerpa and Ganden Monastery on th east.
OUT: Dagtse Dzong overlooks the roads to Yerpa and Ganden Monastery (on the east).

IN : Jade Almarie Louise Ewen (born 24 January 1988) is an English singer, songwriter, actress and member of the Sugababes.
OUT: Jade Ewen is an English singer, songwriter, and actress, known for being a member of the Sugababes.

IN : Parishes can also be abolished where there is evidence that this in response to "justified, clear and sustained local support" from the area's inhabitants.
OUT: Parishes can be abolished with justified, clear, and sustained local support.

IN : In late medieval times Steinfurt became an independent earldom.
OUT: During the late medieval period, Steinfurt gained independence as an earldom.

IN : Stagecoach Group plc is an international transport group operating buses, trains, trams, express coaches and ferries.
OUT: Stagecoach Group plc operates various forms of transportation internationally, including buses, trains, trams, express coaches, and ferries.

IN : Before the fire it had grown to be the largest palace in Europe, with over 1,500 rooms, overtaking the Vatican and Versailles.
OUT: The largest palace in Europe, with over 1,500 rooms, had grown before the fire, surpassing the Vatican and Versailles.

IN : Furbish is the language which is spoken by the Furbies.
OUT: The language spoken by Furbies is called Furbish.

IN : Groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade, and in high school took an independent study in English.
OUT: Groundwater started writing fiction in the fifth grade and studied English independently in high school.

IN : warn-summary: Message re.
OUT: A message about {0} was sent to {1}.

IN : Despite this, the city was rebuilt after the war and was to some extent, restored to its pre-war appearance including the reconstruction of some of its medieval buildings.
OUT: The city was rebuilt after the war and some of its medieval buildings were reconstructed.

IN : Paolo Cannavaro (born 26 June 1981) is an Italian football defender who currently plays for Serie A club Napoli.
OUT: Paolo Cannavaro is an Italian football defender for Napoli in Serie A.

IN : He was the only Catholic and the longest-lived (and last surviving) signatory of the Declaration of Independence, dying at the age of 95.
OUT: The only Catholic and longest-lived signatory of the Declaration of Independence died at the age of 95.

IN : In early 1938, Grace sent her to live with yet another one of her aunts, Ana Lower, who lived in the Van Nuys section of Los Angeles.
OUT: In early 1938, Grace made Ana Lower in Los Angeles take in her aunt.

IN : Mercedes-Benz debuted in Formula One in, and competed with great success in the 1954 and seasons.
OUT: Mercedes-Benz debuted in Formula One in 1954 and achieved great success in the following seasons.

IN : On 11 November 2010, it was announced that Marussia had taken a controlling stake in the team that would be called Marussia Virgin Racing from onwards.
OUT: Marussia took control of Marussia Virgin Racing in November 2010.

IN : There is little evidence that vanadium or vanadium compounds are reproductive toxins or teratogens.
OUT: Vanadium and its compounds are unlikely to be reproductive toxins or teratogens.

IN : He is sometimes regarded as the first person in recorded history to create a multiethnic, centrally ruled empire, although the Sumerians Lugal-anne-mundu and Lugal-zage-si also have a claim.
OUT: He is often considered the first multiethnic, centrally ruled empire founder in recorded history, although the Sumerians' Lugal-anne-mundu and Lugal-zage-si also make similar claims.

IN : The England women's national football team represents England in international women's football.
OUT: England women's team plays international football for England.

IN : This is likely one of the strongest hurricanes to hit Georgia in its history.
OUT: The strongest hurricane to hit Georgia in its history is likely this one.

IN : They joined the National League in 1892 and have been known as the Cardinals since 1900.
OUT: The Cardinals have been members of the National League since 1892.

IN : Second, all brown algae are multicellular.
OUT: Brown algae are multicellular.

IN : Dave was left with nothing, forcing him to take up the drums.
OUT: Dave had to take up the drums because he had nothing.

IN : Opt-out stations were established in Inverness (BBC Radio Highland) on 25 March 1976, followed by Radio Aberdeen in April 1976, BBC Radio Orkney and BBC Radio Shetland in May 1977, Selkirk (BBC Radio Tweed) on 11 April 1983 and Dumfries (BBC Radio Solway) on 16 April 1983. Only the Orkney and Shetland stations still exist; the others had all closed by the early 1990s and are now served by Radio Scotland with four opt-out news bulletins a day.
OUT: 

IN : The pupa hibernates in a cocoon.
OUT: The pupa overwinters in a cocoon. (The word "hibernates" means to pass the winter in a state of torpor, which is applicable to animals, not inanimate objects like a cocoon. "Overwinters" is the correct term for the pupa's state during this time.)

IN : La Croupte is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: The commune of La Croupte is in the Calvados department, which is part of the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.

IN : Early estimates had given an optimistic completion date of July 2003, which contributed to the sculpture gaining the nickname G of the Bang.
OUT: Early estimates set a completion date of July 2003, earning the sculpture the nickname "G of the Bang."

IN : It was the site of a monastery (circa 632) and has a High Cross.
OUT: The site has a High Cross and was once a monastery (circa 632).

IN : The peripheral nervous system is functionally as well as structurally divided into the somatic nervous system and autonomic nervous system.
OUT: The peripheral nervous system is divided into the somatic and autonomic systems.

IN : Furthermore, the Assembly elects a five-member Assembly Council that constitutes an especially active core of the Assembly.
OUT: The Assembly elects a five-member council.

IN : Panama City Beach is a city in Bay County, Florida, United States, on the Gulf of Mexico coast. The city is often referred to under the umbrella term of "Panama City" , despite being a distinct municipality from the older and larger inland Panama City to the east, making Panama City and Panama City Beach two separate cities.
OUT: Panama City Beach is a city in Florida on the Gulf of Mexico, distinct from Panama City.

IN : Vendin-le-Vieil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: The commune Vendin-le-Vieil is in the Pas-de-Calais department, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.

IN : Colors could also be tan (# DDAA22) .
OUT: Colors can be tan (# DDAA22).

IN : On September 30, 1994, the line, which was making a loss of seven pounds for each passenger journey and was in need of some expensive maintenance work, was finally closed to the public, the Central Line terminating at Epping Station.
OUT: The Central Line closed on September 30, 1994. It was losing seven pounds per journey and required costly maintenance. The line ended at Epping Station.

IN : There has been debate whether Google search results can remain neutral because of possible conflict of interest.
OUT: It's debated whether Google's search results are neutral due to potential conflicts of interest.

IN : The parameter makes it possible to show within the box lines available at a different station with which there's a direct transfer from the current station.
OUT: At the current station, you can transfer directly to stations with available lines.

IN : A microkernel is a logical step up from a real-time OS.
OUT: A microkernel is an advanced real-time operating system.

IN : Its county seat is New Cordell.
OUT: The county seat is New Cordell.

IN : The first phase of the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center consisted of 213 MW and was completed in late 2005; phase two consisted of 223.5 MW and was completed in the second quarter of 2006; phase three which consisted of 299 MW, was completed by the end of 2006.
OUT: The first and second phases of the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center consisted of 436.5 MW and were completed by the end of 2006.

IN : Following the coming of age of the heirs to the Lordship of the Isle of Man, the rights over the island were sold to their uncle, William Stanley.
OUT: The heirs to the Isle of Man came of age and sold the rights to their uncle, William Stanley.

IN : Robert Mulligan (August 23, 1925 -- December 20, 2008) was an American film and television director.
OUT: Robert Mulligan was an American director.

IN : A small increase in the average number of viewers was observed for the season compared to the prior season, Survivor: Africa.
OUT: A smaller viewer turnout was noted for Survivor: Africa compared to the following season.

IN : A very small portion of the historic Oakwood Cemetery, added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and burial place of Samuel Wilson, a possible namesake of Uncle Sam, resides within the northwestern part of the town.
OUT: A portion of Oakwood Cemetery, added to the National Register in 1984 and containing Samuel Wilson's burial site, is located in the northwest of the town.

IN : Wider rain bands can occur behind cold fronts, which tend to have more stratiform, and less convective, precipitation.
OUT: Cold fronts can bring wider rain bands with more stratiform precipitation.

IN : He has also appeared on the BBC World News, Bloomberg Live!
OUT: He has been on BBC World News, Bloomberg Live, and CNBC Asia Squawk Box.

IN : Aaron Ehasz, a frequent writer for the series, wrote part two.
OUT: Aaron Ehasz wrote part two.

IN : Back to the Future is a 1985 American science-fiction comedy film.
OUT: The Back to the Future film is a 1985 American science-fiction comedy.

IN : Inside and outside the ring, ladders can now be rested onto the ring ropes and be broken into pieces.
OUT: Ladders can now be leaned against the ring ropes and broken.

IN : Despite Coldplay's worldwide popularity, the band has remained protective of how their music is used in the media, refusing its use for product endorsements.
OUT: Coldplay has shunned product endorsements, maintaining control over its music in the media.

IN : Some have questioned the truth, accuracy, and tone of the book.
OUT: The book's truth, accuracy, and tone have been questioned by some.

IN : On 17 October 1821, Sierra Leone territory becomes part of British West African Territories.
OUT: Sierra Leone becomes part of British West Africa in 1821.

IN : The gymnasium, comprising training areas for gymnastics, table-tennis and judo, occupies the second floor, while lock-ups for the Uniformed Groups and the Guitar Ensemble are located on third level.
OUT: The second and third floors of the gymnasium are used for gymnastics, table tennis, judo, Uniformed Groups, and Guitar Ensemble.

IN : All are played on a pocketless table with three balls; two cue balls and one object ball.
OUT: Three balls - two cue balls and one object ball - are played on a pocketless table.

IN : The double bass is generally tuned in fourths, in contrast to members of the orchestral string family, which are tuned in fifths.
OUT: The double bass is usually tuned in fourths, unlike other orchestral strings, which are tuned in fifths.

IN : Croydon Palace was the summer residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury for over 500 years and included regular visitors such as Henry III and Queen Elizabeth I. It is thought to have been built around 960.
OUT: The Archbishop of Canterbury used Croydon Palace as his summer residence for over 500 years. It is believed to have been constructed around 960, and notable visitors included Henry III and Queen Elizabeth I.

IN : (Images over 52 pixels width will cause padding problems.)
OUT: Images larger than 52 pixels in width may cause padding issues.

IN : Because of this relationship, the action of the parasympathetic nervous system is often described as "rest and digest" .
OUT: The parasympathetic nervous system is often described as "rest and digest."

IN : In 1991, Moscow was the scene of the failed coup attempt by the government members opposed to the reforms of Mikhail Gorbachev.
OUT: The failed coup attempt against Mikhail Gorbachev's reforms occurred in Moscow in 1991.

IN : Sprinkled among the episodes (taking the place of reward challenges) is TDA Aftermath, a show-within-a-show hosted by Geoff and Bridgette, commissioned shortly after their eliminations.
OUT: TDA Aftermath, a show-within-a-show hosted by Geoff and Bridgette, is interspersed among the episodes as a replacement for reward challenges.

IN : Taoism does not fall strictly under an umbrella or a definition of an organized religion like the Abrahamic traditions, nor can it purely be studied as the originator or a variant of Chinese folk religion, as much of the traditional religion is outside of the tenets and core teachings of Taoism. Robinet asserts that Taoism is better understood as a way of life than as a religion, and that its adherents do not approach or view Taoism the way non-Taoist historians have done.
OUT: Taoism is not easily defined as an organized religion or

IN : Only main, help and template pages will show this message; these pages will be placed into: Category: Articles with broken citations.
OUT: Main, help, and template pages will display this message and be categorized as Articles with broken citations.

IN : Cirie Fields was selected from this season to compete in Survivor: Micronesia as part of the Favorites tribe and placed third.
OUT: Cirie Fields finished third in Survivor: Micronesia as a Favorite.

IN : Power over Ethernet or PoE technology describes a system to pass electrical power safely, along with data, on Ethernet cabling.
OUT: PoE technology transmits power and data over Ethernet cables.

IN : It is based on the short story "Harrison Bergeron" by author Kurt Vonnegut and stars James Cosmo, Julie Hagerty, and Armie Hammer with narration by Academy Award nominee Patricia Clarkson and an original score by Lee Brooks performed by the Kronos Quartet and Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra.
OUT: The short story "Harrison Bergeron" by Kurt Vonnegut is the basis for this production. It stars James Cosmo, Julie Hagerty, and Armie Hammer. Patricia Clarkson narrates, and the score is by Lee Brooks, performed

IN : In the show, Aang has a complex network of friends extending over all four nations.
OUT: Aang has friends in all four nations.

IN : UEFA refer to the stadium as Arsenal Stadium, which was the official name of the stadium at Highbury.
OUT: UEFA calls Highbury's stadium Arsenal Stadium.

IN : Lorentz' name is now associated with the Lorentz-Lorenz formula, the Lorentz force, the Lorentzian distribution, and the Lorentz transformation.
OUT: The name of Lorentz is linked to the Lorentz-Lorenz formula, the Lorentz force, the Lorentzian distribution, and the Lorentz transformation.

IN : It was once part of the north\/south Torrance to San Pedro spur line of the Pacific Electric Railway, that agency's first interurban line to San Pedro.
OUT: The first interurban line of the Pacific Electric Railway from Torrance to San Pedro was once part of it.

IN : Of the 97 recent H3N2 isolates examined, only 41 isolates had strong serologic cross-reactions with antiserum to three commercial SIV vaccines.
OUT: Among the 97 recent H3N2 isolates tested, just 41 isolates showed strong reactions with three commercial SIV vaccine antiserums.

IN : Rancate was a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
OUT: Rancate is a municipality in Ticino, Switzerland.

IN : John Jaeger, in an article published by the Association of College and Research Libraries, said of the Jewish Virtual Library: `` This library, once it is entered, is more like a living encyclopedia than it is anything else.
OUT: The Jewish Virtual Library, as described by John Jaeger in an ACRL article, is a living encyclopedia and a must-have resource for Jewish history and culture.

IN : One of the most successful clubs in English football, they have won 13 First Division and Premier League titles and 10 FA Cups.
OUT: The successful English football club has won 13 league titles (First Division and Premier League) and 10 FA Cups.

IN : This section shows the formatting of different combinations of codes.
OUT: The section displays various code formats.

IN : Hundreds of convicts were at large in the bush, farms were abandoned and martial law was proclaimed.
OUT: The convicts were at large in the bush, farms were abandoned, and martial law was declared.

IN : Stud females are generally used to breed further stud animals, but stud males may be used in crossbreeding programs.
OUT: Stud females are used to breed more stud animals, while stud males are used in crossbreeding programs.

IN : In 2008, end of season renovation, coupled with an early start to the football season, meant the pitch was not ready in time for the first home fixture.
OUT: The pitch was not ready for the first home fixture due to renovations completed late in the 2008 season and an early start to the football season.

IN : To be certain, the House of Nephthys was one of fifty individual, land-owning temples delineated for this portion of the Middle Egyptian district in Papyrus Wilbour.
OUT: The House of Nephthys was one of fifty temples in this Middle Egyptian district, as recorded in Papyrus Wilbour.

IN : Arm wrestling puts enormous torque\/twist on the upper arm's humerus bone to a degree seen in few other physical activities.
OUT: Arm wrestling applies significant twisting force to the humerus bone in the upper arm.

IN : Austin Lightning was an American soccer team, founded in 2002, originally with the name Lafayette Lightning.
OUT: Austin Lightning was a soccer team founded in 2002, originally named Lafayette Lightning.

IN : Medina currently has a population of more than 1,300,000 people (2006) .
OUT: Medina has a population over 1,300,000 (2006).

IN : The WWF gained momentum when Angle made Booker T submit with an ankle lock, taking the WCW Championship away from the Alliance.
OUT: WWF gained momentum when Angle defeated Booker T for the WCW Championship.

IN : Orogens develop while a continental plate is crumpled and thickened to form mountain ranges, and involve a great range of geological processes collectively called orogenesis.
OUT: Orogens form when continental plates are crumpled and thickened, resulting in various geological processes known as orogenesis.

IN : In 2005, on an episode of The Early Show, Vernon was ranked as one of the top six most desirable communities to retire to in North America by Consumer Reports.
OUT: The top six most desirable communities to retire to in North America, according to Consumer Reports in 2005, included Vernon.

IN : Three-cushion billiards retains great popularity in parts of Europe, Asia, and Latin America, and is the most popular carom billiards game played in the US today, where pool is far more widespread.
OUT: Three-cushion billiards is popular in Europe, Asia, Latin America, and the US, where it's the most common carom billiards game. Pool is more popular overall in the US.

IN : The chief priests inform Pilate of a new charge, demanding Jesus be sentenced to death "because he claimed to be God's son."
OUT: The chief priests accuse Jesus of being God's son.

IN : The journal publishes editorials, original articles, case reports, and letters.
OUT: The journal publishes editorials, articles, and letters. (Case reports are a type of article.)

IN : Neither ever supported famine-related criticisms of the Great Leap.
OUT: Neither ever criticized famine-related aspects of the Great Leap.

IN : Influenza B virus is almost exclusively a human pathogen, and is less common than influenza A. The only other animal known to be susceptible to influenza B infection is the seal.
OUT: Influenza B primarily infects humans and seals. It's less common than influenza A.

IN : The rise in land prices has led to development of new condominiums.
OUT: The rise in land prices has caused new condominium development.

IN : In addition to Tropical Storms Ana and Bill tracking through the Atlantic Ocean on August 16, a new tropical depression formed over the eastern Gulf of Mexico. This depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Claudette as it neared the Florida Panhandle.
OUT: Tropical Storm Claudette formed in the eastern Gulf of Mexico on August 16, strengthening from a depression while approaching the Florida Panhandle.

IN : He is a budding singer and pianist.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: He is a budding singer and pianist. He's a developing singer and pianist.

IN : The original Lingua Franca was a mixed language composed mostly (80 %) of Italian with a broad vocabulary drawn from Turkish, French, Spanish, Greek and Arabic. It was in use throughout the eastern Mediterranean as the language of commerce and diplomacy in and around the Renaissance era.
OUT: Around the Renaissance, this language of commerce and diplomacy in the eastern Mediterranean was mostly Italian with a diverse vocabulary from Turkish, French, Spanish, Greek, and Arabic.

IN : Breakaway received two awards at the 2006 Grammy Awards including "Best Pop Vocal Album" and "Best Female Pop Vocal Performance" for the single "Since U Been Gone" .
OUT: Breakaway won "Best Pop Vocal Album" and "Best Female Pop Vocal Performance" at the 2006 Grammy Awards for "Since U Been Gone".

IN : In January 2007, EMI stopped publishing audio CDs with DRM, stating that "the costs of DRM do not measure up to the results." Following EMI, Sony BMG was the last publisher to abolish DRM completely, and audio CDs containing DRM are no longer released by the four record labels.
OUT: The record labels no longer publish audio CDs with DRM.

IN : Sometime during the night, Johns broke out of his cell, and stole the horse once more, taking also the local magistrate's brand new saddle and bridle.
OUT: During the night, John broke out of his cell and stole the horse along with the magistrate's new saddle and bridle.

IN : "Firework" was written by Perry, Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, Sandy Wilhelm, and Ester Dean while produced by Stargate and Sandy Vee at Soapbox Studios in Atlanta, Georgia.
OUT: "Firework" was written by Perry, Eriksen, Hermansen, Wilhelm, and Dean, produced by Stargate and Sandy Vee at Soapbox Studios in Atlanta.

IN : Gastriocerataceae is one of seventeen superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder.
OUT: Gastriocerataceae is a superfamily in the Goniatitina suborder.

IN : This list can contain any type of album, including studio, greatest hits, compilation, various artists, soundtrack and remix.
OUT: The list can contain different types of albums: studio, greatest hits, compilation, various artists, soundtrack, and remix.

IN : Roman Weidenfeller (born 6 August 1980 in Diez, Germany) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Borussia Dortmund in the German Bundesliga.
OUT: Weidenfeller is a German goalkeeper for Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga.

IN : In 1813, following Napoleon's defeat in Russia, Frederick William turned against France and signed an alliance with Russia at Kalisz, although he had to flee Berlin, still under French occupation.
OUT: In 1813, Frederick William allied with Russia against France at Kalisz, despite Berlin being under French occupation.

IN : The founders of this organization intended it to be a governing body to disability sports what the IOC was to the Olympic Games.
OUT: The founders intended it to govern disability sports, like the IOC for the Olympic Games.

IN : During the industrialisation textile industry prospered.
OUT: The textile industry thrived during industrialisation.

IN : Often known as Bill 101, it defined French as the only official language of Quebec in areas of provincial jurisdiction.
OUT: Bill 101 defined French as Quebec's only official language in provincial jurisdiction areas.

IN : Mika Pohjola was born in Helsinki, Finland, and grew up in the neighboring city of Vantaa.
OUT: Mika Pohjola was born in Finland and grew up in a nearby city.

IN : An extended hookup sometimes refers to prolonged instances of casual sex interactions.
OUT: A prolonged casual sex encounter is referred to as an extended hookup.

IN : Coutures is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: The commune of Coutures is in the Gironde department, in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.

IN : Horst Eckel (born 8 February 1932) is a former German football player.
OUT: Horst Eckel is a former German football player.

IN : In New York, a town typically contains a number of such hamlets and villages.
OUT: A town in New York often includes several hamlets and villages.

IN : That same year Stallone, along with an all-star cast of celebrities, appeared in the Trey Parker and Matt Stone short comedy film Your Studio and You commissioned by the Seagram Company for a party celebrating their acquisition of Universal Studios and the MCA Corporation.
OUT: Stallone appeared in a short comedy film commissioned by Seagram for Universal's acquisition party. (with an all-star cast)

IN : Next day Hercules and young man are walking through a cave with dead bodies strewn all over.
OUT: Hercules and a young man walk through a cave filled with dead bodies.

IN : He is said to have wept for joy on Louis' behalf on being personally shown Zinj, which Louis and Mary carried around in a tin (later a box) .
OUT: He was overjoyed when he saw Zinj, which Louis and Mary carried around.

IN : The World Hockey Association (French: Association mondiale de hockey) was a professional ice hockey league that operated in North America from 1972 to 1979.
OUT: The World Hockey Association (WHA) was a professional ice hockey league that operated in North America from 1972 to 1979.

IN : The results of the meeting were inconclusive, and Waldo's ideas, but not the movement itself, were condemned at the Third Lateran Council in the same year, though the leaders of the movement had not been yet excommunicated.
OUT: The results of the meeting were inconclusive regarding Waldo's ideas, which were condemned at the Third Lateran Council that year, while the movement's leaders hadn't been excommunicated yet.

IN : More common is notation in E-flat minor, which is a relatively manageable key for many brass instruments and woodwinds.
OUT: A common notation is used in E-flat minor, which is a manageable key for many brass instruments and woodwinds.

IN : Following his championship win, Swagger began to develop a more serious persona: previously he had been known for doing pushups and beating his chest during his ring entrance.
OUT: Swagger won the championship and began to adopt a more serious demeanor, showing less of his previous chest-beating and push-up antics during ring entrances.

IN : Begging the question does not require any such reversal. Begging the question is similar to the fallacy of many questions: a fallacy of technique that results from presenting evidence in support of a conclusion that is less likely to be accepted, rather than merely asserting the conclusion.
OUT: Begging the question is a technique that results in a fallacy by presenting evidence for an unaccepted conclusion instead of just asserting it.

IN : In May 2007, Prada joined forces with mobile phone maker LG Electronics to produce the LG Prada KE850 phone.
OUT: Prada collaborated with LG Electronics in May 2007 to create the LG Prada phone.

IN : Residents of Blanchard and nearby Dibble, Oklahoma are served by the weekly newspaper The Blanchard News. The radio station KKNG-FM ("King Country 97.3 KKNG") identifies Blanchard as its home, however, only the transmitter is located in Blanchard, while the operating offices are in Oklahoma City.
OUT: The residents of Blanchard and Dibble receive The Blanchard News as their weekly newspaper. KKNG-FM, located in Blanchard, is known as "King Country 97.3 KKNG" on the radio. However, its operating offices are

IN : It is also the official language of Assam.
OUT: The official language of Assam is also it.

IN : The tournament final of the tournament was predicted by some to be a close affair, with the British team heralded as slight favorites after finishing at the top of the league table.
OUT: A close affair was predicted for the British team in the tournament final, who topped the league table and were favored to win.

IN : Although this revolution drove mats off soft floors of shallow seas, they still flourish in many environments where burrowing is limited or impossible, including rocky seabeds and shores, hyper-saline and brackish lagoons, and are found on the floors of the deep oceans.
OUT: The revolution caused mats to disappear from soft seas, but they thrive in various environments with limited burrowing, such as rocky seabeds, shores, hyper-saline and brackish lagoons, and deep ocean floors.

IN : Interneurons connect neurons to other neurons within the same region of the brain or spinal cord.
OUT: Interneurons link neurons within the same brain or spinal cord region.

IN : Los Navegantes (; literally translated to English as The Navigators Neighborhood, or Village) is a residential neighborhood, located in southeastern Pichilemu, Chile, near the Municipal Stadium, and La Cruz Hill.
OUT: The Navigators is a residential neighborhood in southeastern Pichilemu, Chile, near the Municipal Stadium and La Cruz Hill.

IN : Nico Erik Rosberg (born 27 June 1985 in Wiesbaden, West Germany) is a racing driver for the Mercedes GP Formula One team.
OUT: Nico Rosberg is a Formula One racing driver for Mercedes GP.

IN : Previously Staten Island and Brooklyn were connected and the Hudson River emptied into the ocean through the present course of the Raritan River, by taking a more westerly course through parts of present day northern New Jersey, along the eastern side of the Watchung Mountains to Bound Brook, New Jersey and then on into the Atlantic Ocean via Raritan Bay.
OUT: The Hudson River once flowed into the Atlantic Ocean through the Raritan River, passing by northern New Jersey's Watchung Mountains and emptying into Raritan Bay. (Previously, Staten Island and Brooklyn were connected and the Hudson River's path was different.)

IN : There are multiple possible functions that could have been served by the claws of Therizinosaurus, such as defense against predators (e.g. the contemporary Tarbosaurus) and in intraspecific fighting, such as fighting for territory or for mating, or to pull leafy tree branches towards its mouth.
OUT: The claws of Therizinosaurus had various functions, including defense and intraspecific fighting.

IN : Lotus plans to enter the electric vehicle race, CEO Michael Kimberley told the Financial Times.
OUT: Lotus will enter the electric vehicle market, according to CEO Michael Kimberley.

IN : The release was accompanied by a magnitude 2.5 earthquake.
OUT: A magnitude 2.5 earthquake occurred during the release.

IN : The tour continued through the Western United States.
OUT: The tour went through the Western US.

IN : Bureaucrats can use Special: RenameUser to rename users (including themselves) .
OUT: Bureaucrats can rename users, including themselves.

IN : Reactions to the disclosure were diverse, encompassing commentary and articles in the electronic, print, and broadcast media; the Wikipedia community researched Essjay's article edits to check for errors and debated proposals to improve the project's handling of personal identification.
OUT: The reactions to the disclosure varied, with commentary appearing in electronic, print, and broadcast media. The Wikipedia community investigated Essjay's article edits for errors and discussed ways to enhance the project's approach to personal identification.

IN : The party's federal parliamentary leader since 3 December 2007, following the coalition's defeat at the 2007 federal election, is Warren Truss.
OUT: The federal parliamentary leader of the party since December 2007 is Warren Truss.

IN : He is less known for his deep interest in the spiritual and his boundless enthusiasm for art as a direct and honest route to God.
OUT: A lesser-known aspect of his personality is his deep spiritual interest and boundless enthusiasm for art as a means to connect with God.

IN : The cell membrane surrounds the protoplasm of a cell and, in animal cells, physically separates the intracellular components from the extracellular environment.
OUT: The cell membrane encloses the protoplasm in a cell, creating a barrier between the cell's interior and exterior in animal cells.

IN : The name Anita was later retired.
OUT: Anita was retired.

IN : So at least it's something I experienced, but that's not where I live. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: So at least it's something I experienced, but that's not where I live. ''I've been there, but it's not my home.''

IN : Diego Alberto Milito (born 12 June 1979) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays as a striker for Serie A club Internazionale.
OUT: Milito is an Argentine striker for Inter in Serie A.

IN : DOE also sponsors more basic and applied scientific research than any other US federal agency; most of this is funded through its system of United States Department of Energy National Laboratories.
OUT: DOE is the largest sponsor of scientific research in the US, primarily funding it through its network of national laboratories.

IN : Michael Rensing (born 14 May 1984 in Lingen, Lower Saxony) is a German footballer who currently plays for 1.
OUT: Michael Rensing is a German footballer playing for 1. FC Nrnberg.

IN : However, though analysis had expected that United States sales of Guitar Hero 5 and The Beatles: Rock Band to be high, close to or exceeding one million units each in the first month of their release, the resulting sales numbers were lower by nearly half of the projections.
OUT: The sales numbers for Guitar Hero 5 and The Beatles: Rock Band in the US during their first month of release were significantly lower than expected, approximately half of the projected sales.

IN : Historical statistical analysis indicates Robinson was an outstanding fielder throughout his ten years in the major leagues and at virtually every position he played.
OUT: Histianical stats show Robinson excelled in fielding for 10 years in MLB, across various positions.

IN : The idea of removing a stock install of Internet Explorer from a Windows system was proposed during the United States v. Microsoft case.
OUT: A proposal was made during the US v. Microsoft case to remove Internet Explorer from a Windows system.

IN : When James VII created the modern Order in 1687, he directed that the Abbey Church at the Palace of Holyroodhouse be converted to a Chapel for the Order of the Thistle, perhaps copying the idea from the Order of the Garter (whose chapel is located in Windsor Castle) .
OUT: In 1687, James VII transformed the Abbey Church at Holyroodhouse into a chapel for the Order of the Thistle, possibly inspired by the Order of the Garter's chapel at Windsor Castle.

IN : This emperor's posthumous name literally means "divine might" or "god-warrior" .
OUT: The emperor's posthumous name means "divine might" or "god-warrior".

IN : Hansell is a city in Franklin County, Iowa, United States.
OUT: Hansell is a city in Iowa, USA.

IN : His debut number one hit single "Replay" was released in 2009 reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 number one in the UK, Australia and top ten in many other countries.
OUT: His debut single "Replay" (2009) reached the top positions in the Billboard Hot 100 (no. 2), the UK (no. 1), Australia (no. 1), and many other countries (top ten).

IN : These arachnids are known for their exceptionally long walking legs, compared to body size, although there are also short-legged species.
OUT: Arachnids have long legs relative to their body size, but some have short legs.

IN : Friedrich Kurt Fiedler (8 March 1894 -- 11 November 1950) was a German graphic designer and a representative of the Social Democratic Party.
OUT: Friedrich Kurt Fiedler was a German graphic designer and a German Social Democratic Party representative (1894-1950).

IN : In 2011, there are nine senators holding ministerial positions and the head of state, the First mayor.
OUT: In 2011, nine senators and the head of state hold ministerial positions.

IN : Finally, ages can also be determined from the U-Pb system by analysis of Pb isotope ratios alone.
OUT: Ages can be determined from the U-Pb system using Pb isotope ratios.

IN : Railway lines and highways connect the city with Cairo, Port Said and Ismailia.
OUT: The cities Cairo, Port Said, and Ismailia are connected to the city by railway lines and highways.

IN : The gharial is not a man-eater and is sensitive towards humans.
OUT: The gharial is not aggressive towards humans.

IN : The first Guildhall School was housed in an old warehouse in Aldermanbury, but these premises soon proved too small.
OUT: A smaller version of this sentence could be: The first Guildhall School was initially housed in an old warehouse in Aldermanbury, but it quickly outgrew the space.

IN : In 2002, the city had five constituencies: Gaborone North, Gaborone Central, Gaborone South, Gaborone West North, and Gabororone West South.
OUT: The city had five constituencies: Gaborone North, Central, South, West North, and West South (in 2002).

IN : In the United Kingdom and Australia the terms used are corporate box, executive box, sky box and private box.
OUT: The terms used for private seating areas in the United Kingdom and Australia are corporate box, executive box, sky box, and private box.

IN : The Arctic willow is the only woody species to grow on Ellesmere Island.
OUT: The Arctic willow is the only woody species growing on Ellesmere Island.

IN : Red Dead Redemption is an open world action-adventure western video game, developed by Rockstar San Diego and published by Rockstar Games.
OUT: Red Dead Redemption is a western open-world action-adventure game developed and published by Rockstar.

IN : Panama is located in Central America, bordering both the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean, between Colombia and Costa Rica.
OUT: Panama is in Central America, with coastlines on the Caribbean Sea and Pacific Ocean, and borders Colombia and Costa Rica.

IN : Aldo Maldera (born 14 October 1953 in Milan) is an Italian former footballer.
OUT: Aldo Maldera, born October 14, 1953, in Milan, is a former Italian footballer.

IN : It is popularly believed that Pavlov always signaled the occurrence of food by ringing a bell.
OUT: The popular belief is that Pavlov signaled food with a bell.

IN : Fish and copra are the country's major exports, and cotton goods, motor vehicles, meats, and sugar are the major imports.
OUT: The country exports major quantities of fish and copra, while importing significant amounts of cotton goods, motor vehicles, meats, and sugar.

IN : In 1996 he was an honorary doctor of University of Toulouse and in 1997 he was an honorary professor of Moscow State University.
OUT: He was an honorary doctor of the University of Toulouse in 1996 and an honorary professor of Moscow State University in 1997.

IN : Lyari River is a small ephemeral stream that flows through the Pakistani megacity of Karachi from north east to the center and drains into the Arabian Sea at the Monora channel.
OUT: The small, ephemeral Lyari River flows from northeast Karachi to the Arabian Sea in Pakistan.

IN : He rode for the Isle of Man on the track at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, riding the scratch race.
OUT: He competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne for Team Isle of Man in the scratch race.

IN : There are also regular scheduled ferry services to Labuan.
OUT: Ferries go to Labuan regularly.

IN : At the 2000 census the population was 3,002.
OUT: The population was 3,002 at the 2000 census.

IN : In the middle of the state, the Central Plain has some unique sandstone formations like the Dells of the Wisconsin River in addition to rich farmland.
OUT: The Central Plain, located in the state's center, features unique sandstone formations, including the Dells of the Wisconsin River, and fertile farmland.

IN : The Avatar possesses a unique power and ability called the Avatar State, which endows the Avatar with all the knowledge and abilities of all past Avatars and acts as a self-triggering defense mechanism, although it can be made subject to the will of the user through various methods, such as extensive trial and training.
OUT: The Avatar can access the powers and knowledge of past Avators through the Avatar State. This state also serves as a defense mechanism. Users can gain control over it with training.

IN : A sample mean value of 280 grams however would be extremely rare if the mean content of the cups is in fact close to 250 grams.
OUT: A rare sample mean would be around 250 grams if the true mean is close to that value.

IN : The encyclopedia was later updated under the auspices of The Catholic University of America and a 17-volume New Catholic Encyclopedia was first published in 1967, and then in 2002.
OUT: The encyclopedia was updated by The Catholic University of America and published in two editions: one in 1967 and another in 2002.

IN : Code to the left, actual rendering to the right:
OUT: Assign "Code to the left" to Label1, "actual rendering to the right" to Label2.

IN : The first viable substitute was celluloid billiard balls, invented by John Wesley Hyatt in 1868, but the material was volatile and highly flammable, sometimes exploding during manufacture.
OUT: John Hyatt invented celluloid billiard balls in 1868, but the material was dangerous and could explode during production.

IN : Later that day the JTWC upgraded as the depression moved towards the west it was upgraded to a Tropical Storm by the JTWC.
OUT: The JTWC upgraded the depression to a Tropical Storm.

IN : These were consolidated by the first Librarian of the college, Emma Ryder.
OUT: The first Librarian of the college, Emma Ryder, consolidated these.

IN : Australian postcodes are managed by Australia Post.
OUT: Australia Post manages Australian postcodes.

IN : Central Karakoram National Park or Karakoram National Park is a National Park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan that comprises the Baltoro, Panmah, Biafo and Hispar glaciers and their tributary glaciers. The Central Karakoram National Park lies mostly in Skardu District of the Northern Areas, but also includes area within the Gilgit District.
OUT: The Central Karakoram National Park is a 2,165 square kilometer national park in Pakistan'

IN : Poultry such as ducks, geese, and pigeons were captured in nets and bred on farms, where they were force-fed with dough to fatten them.
OUT: Ducks, geese, and pigeons are raised on farms and force-fed dough to fatten them.

IN : Initial production was based only in Japan, but since 1994 the American market has been served by vehicles assembled at the former Diamond-Star Motors (DSM) facility in Normal, Illinois.
OUT: The American market has been served by vehicles assembled in Illinois since 1994.

IN : The original standard book number (SBN) had no group identifier, but affixing a zero (0) as prefix to a 9-digit SBN creates a valid 10-digit ISBN.
OUT: A 10-digit ISBN can be created from a 9-digit SBN by adding a zero (0) as the first digit.

IN : She was contracted at the Royal Swedish Opera, where her older sister was prima donna, in 1812.
OUT: Your older sister was a prima donna at the Royal Swedish Opera when you started working there in 1812.

IN : The Greek historians record that the town was celebrated for its monolithite temple and oracle of the goddess Wadjet (Buto) (Herod.
OUT: The town was famous for its monolithic temple and oracle of Goddess Wadjet (Buto). (Herod. ii. 153)

IN : On that night, Cena was in charge and pitted Orton against Triple H. During the match, Cena charged into the ring and lifted Triple H overhead for an FU.
OUT: That night, Cena managed the match between Orton and Triple H, culminating in an FU on Triple H.

IN : Smoke grenades generally emit a far larger amount of smoke than smoke bombs that are sold as fireworks.
OUT: Smoke grenades produce more smoke than fireworks smoke bombs.

IN : Eagle Comics was a short lived comic book publishing company that existed to reprint comic stories from the UK's 2000 A.D. magazine for distribution in North America.
OUT: Eagle Comics published UK's 2000 A.D. comics in North America.

IN : This could be another boot manager, such as the Microsoft boot menu, allowing further selection of non-Multiboot operating systems.
OUT: Another boot manager, like the Microsoft one, could offer choices for non-Multiboot OSes.

IN : The Iraqi national football team represents Iraq in international football and is controlled by the Iraq Football Association.
OUT: Iraq's football team is governed by the Iraq Football Association in international competitions.

IN : This discovery, made at the Observatoire de Haute-Provence, ushered in the modern era of exoplanetary discovery.
OUT: The discovery made at the Observatoire de Haute-Provence marked the beginning of the modern era of exoplanet discovery.

IN : Sundquist left the band to spend time with his family, and remained on friendly terms with Cornell and Thayil following his departure.
OUT: Sundquist left the band to be with his family and stayed friends with Cornell and Thayil.

IN : Retheuil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Retheuil is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department of Picardy.

IN : Some examples of candy are: caramel candy, toffee, fudge, praline, tablet, gumdrops, jelly beans, rock candy, lollipops, taffy, cotton candy, candy canes, peppermint sticks, peanut brittle, chocolate-coated raisins or peanuts, hard candy (called boiled sweets in British English) and candy bars.
OUT: Various types of candy include caramel, toffee, fudge, praline, tablet, gumdrops, jelly beans, rock candy, lollip

IN : The other options (in\/out) were added for completeness, to allow anything: in, out, both or none.
OUT: The other options (in, out) were added for completeness.

IN : In all known organisms, the deoxyribonucleotides that make up DNA are synthesized by the action of ribonucleotide reductase (RNR) enzymes on their corresponding ribonucleotides.
OUT: The deoxyribonucleotides in all organisms are synthesized from ribonucleotides through the action of ribonucleotide reductase enzymes.

IN : William Xavier Barbosa, or William, (born 22 September 1983 in Campo Grande) is a Brazilian footballer.
OUT: William Barbosa, born 1983 in Campo Grande, is a Brazilian footballer.

IN : McDiarmid has appeared in 47 films since 1976.
OUT: All of the above simplified sentences convey the same meaning as the original sentence.

IN : William Ralph Dean (22 January 1907 -- 1 March 1980) , better known as Dixie Dean, was an English football player.
OUT: Dixie Dean was an English football player.

IN : In that episode, Frasier, on a trip to Boston, meets the Cheers gang (though not at Cheers itself) and Cliff thinks Frasier has flown out specifically for his (Cliff's) retirement party, which Frasier ends up attending. Frasier was on the air for as many seasons and almost as many episodes as Cheers, going off the air in 2004 after an eleven-season run.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: In that episode, Frasier, on a trip to Boston, meets the Cheers gang (though not at Cheers itself) and Cliff thinks Frasier has flown out specifically for his (Cliff's) retirement party, which Frasier ends up attending. Frasier was on the air for as many seasons and almost as many episodes as Cheers, going off the air in 2004 after an eleven-season run. In one episode, Frasier visits Boston and encounters the Cheers crew without actually going to the bar. Cliff mistakenly believes Frasier has come for his retirement party, which Fras

IN : Yoshiichi Watanabe (born April 5, 1954) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Watanabe, born in 1954, was a Japanese football player.

IN : A controversy among the Baptists flared in 1887 with Spurgeon's first "Down-grade" article, published in The Sword & the Trowel. In the ensuing "Downgrade Controversy," the Metropolitan Tabernacle became disaffiliated from the Baptist Union, effectuating Spurgeon's congregation as the world's largest self-standing church.
OUT: A dispute among Baptists emerged in 1887 over Spurgeon's "Down-grade" article published in The Sword & the Trowel. This controversy led to the Metropolitan Tabern

IN : Its county seat is Chandler.
OUT: The county seat is Chandler.

IN : He has played for Japan's national team.
OUT: He plays for Japan's team.

IN : Belle Isle is located at.
OUT: Belle Isle is located there.

IN : Jan Koller (born 30 March 1973) is a Czech footballer who is currently playing for French club AS Cannes.
OUT: Jan Koller is a Czech footballer playing for French club AS Cannes.

IN : On April 15, 2010, Office 2010 was released to manufacturing. The suite became available for retail and online purchase on June 15, 2010.
OUT: Office 2010 was released for purchase on June 15, 2010, after being manufactured on April 15, 2010.

IN : The law of Charlemagne was based on Salic Law, an influence as great as that of Greece and Rome.
OUT: The law of Charlemagne was influenced greatly by Salic Law, as much as by Greek and Roman law.

IN : Edward "Eddie" McKay Cheever, Jr. (born January 10, 1958 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American racing driver who raced for almost thirty years in Formula One, Sports cars, CART and the Indy Racing League.
OUT: Edward Cheever is a thirty-year racing veteran in Formula One, Sports cars, CART, and Indy Racing League.

IN : In both camps, romances emerged at Koror (Jenn and Gregg) and Ulong (Kim and Jeff) .
OUT: Romances developed at Koror (between Jenn and Gregg) and Ulong (between Kim and Jeff).

IN : This template turns out orange, the same colors of the "You have new messages (last changes)" box.
OUT: The template turns orange when you have new messages.

IN : Forty-six thousand British troops, one-third of the total strength of the British Army's land forces, were deployed to assist with the invasion of Iraq and thereafter British armed forces were responsible for security in southern Iraq in the run-up to the Iraqi elections of January 2005.
OUT: Approximately 46,000 British troops, a third of the British Army's land forces, were involved in the Iraq invasion and later ensured security during the lead-up to the January 2005 Iraqi elections.

IN : By the middle of the 20th century, the second bridge was no longer able to handle the volume of traffic it received.
OUT: The second bridge could no longer handle the traffic by mid-20th century.

IN : It was especially emotional for the # 11 team as Hamlin had lost his grandmother, Thelma Clark, that Friday.
OUT: The #11 team found it particularly emotional when Hamlin lost his grandmother, Thelma Clark, on that Friday.

IN : Historically, in the warm Mediterranean and Middle Eastern climates, the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during Friday prayers.
OUT: In warm Mediterranean and Middle Eastern climates, courtyards have historically accommodated large numbers of worshippers during Friday prayers.

IN : Lust exposes people to others; romantic attraction encourages people to focus their energy on mating; and attachment involves tolerating the spouse (or indeed the child) long enough to rear a child into infancy.
OUT: Lust leads people to meet others, romantic attraction keeps them focused on mating, and attachment helps them raise a child.

IN : The Scion xB is a vehicle made by Toyota for the United States market and sold under their youth-oriented Scion brand.
OUT: The Scion xB is a Toyota-made vehicle for the US market, sold under the Scion brand.

IN : Now-extinct marine animals called graptolites thrived in the oceans.
OUT: Graptolites, extinct marine animals, once thrived in the oceans.

IN : It is a Christmas time dessert in Portugal and Brazil (rabanada) and an Easter dessert in Spain (torrijas) .
OUT: The desserts rabanada (Christmas time in Portugal and Brazil) and torrijas (Easter in Spain) are part of the traditions in these countries.

IN : Presley plays a teenager named Danny Fisher, who is forced to drop out of school to help support his ineffective father (Dean Jagger) .
OUT: Presley drops out of school to help support his father.

IN : Lahor is surrounded by Yar Hussain, Tordher, Ambar and the Indus River.
OUT: Lahore is surrounded by the Indus River and the towns of Yar Hussain, Tordher, and Ambar.

IN : An archivist is a professional who assesses, collects, organizes, preserves, maintains control over, and provides access to information determined to have long-term value.
OUT: A professional in charge of preserving valuable information.

IN : Using will create a two-column reference list, and will create a three-column list, and so on.
OUT: A two-column or three-column reference list can be created using.

IN : It is also designated Uranus VI.
OUT: It is also called Uranus VI.

IN : Give'Em Enough Rope is the second studio album by the English punk rock band The Clash.
OUT: The second album of The Clash, titled Give'Em Enough Rope, is by the English punk rock band.

IN : It is possible to cross into Italy via the Cervinia cable car station.
OUT: A: You can go into Italy using the Cervinia cable car.

IN : A limited physical version of the single was released on 7'' vinyl and can be obtained exclusively by pre-ordering Appeal to Reason.
OUT: A 7'' vinyl version of Appeal to Reason is available only by pre-ordering.

IN : Antonios Nikopolidis (; born 14 January 1971 in Arta) is a Greek football player playing at the position of goalkeeper.
OUT: Antonios Nikopolidis is a Greek goalkeeper.

IN : Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
OUT: Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg is a municipality in Aargau, Switzerland.

IN : Beryl dropped moderate precipitation just offshore, though the maximum precipitation total in the United States was only 0.97 inches (24.6 mm) on Nantucket.
OUT: Beryl dropped less than an inch of rain offshore, while the US maximum was only 0.97 inches on Nantucket.

IN : World title competition first started in 1986 and required the use of ivory balls.
OUT: The world title competition began in 1986 with ivory balls.

IN : They also have few villages scattered across Rawalpindi, Bhawalpur, Amritsar, Gurdaspur, Jalandhar, Moga, Ludhiana and Sangrur.
OUT: There are villages in Rawalpindi, Bhawalpur, Amritsar, Gurdaspur, Jalandhar, Moga, Ludhiana and Sangrur.

IN : The 3\/4 mile stretch of standard gauge track and museum are owned and operated by the Jolly family assisted by a dedicated staff of volunteers.
OUT: A 3/4 mile stretch of standard gauge track and the museum are owned and operated by the Jolly family with the help of volunteers.

IN : Rau was born in the Barmen part of Wuppertal, Rhine Province, as the third of five children.
OUT: Rau was born in Wuppertal, Germany, as the third of five children.

IN : Caslano is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino, near to the Italian border.
OUT: Caslano is a Swiss town near the Italian border.

IN : At dawn on September 17, Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker's corps mounted a powerful assault on Lee's left flank.
OUT: In the early morning of September 17, Major General Joseph Hooker led his troops in a strong attack against Lee's left side.

IN : He played five times for the Austrian national team U 19 and U 20 and two times for U 21.
OUT: He played for the Austrian national team in the U19, U20, and U21 categories a total of seven times.

IN : Nickel (II) sulfate, or just nickel sulfate, usually refers to the chemical compound with the formula NiSO4.
OUT: Nickel sulfate refers to the chemical compound with the formula NiSO4.7H2O.

IN : To promote nationwide literacy among 1st to 6th graders and encourage more reading during the summer, Barnes & Noble has implemented a summer challenge where if children read 8 books and write about their reading, Barnes & Noble will give the readers a free book.
OUT: Barnes & Noble gives a free book to children who read and write about 8 books during the summer.

IN : The popular American movie critics Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper have given positive reviews of the film.
OUT: Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper have given positive reviews of the film.

IN : Boiled eggs are a popular breakfast food in many countries around the world.
OUT: Boiled eggs are popular for breakfast in many countries.

IN : Kunihiro Shibasaki is a Japanese football player.
OUT: Kunihiro Shibasaki is a Japanese footballer.

IN : In Super Mario 64, Mario gains new jumping abilities, such as a sideways somersault, a ground pound, and the "Wall Kick" , which propels him upwards by kicking off walls.
OUT: Mario gains new jumping abilities in Super Mario 64: sideways somersault, ground pound, and wall kick.

IN : Prichard is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, in the United States.
OUT: The city of Prichard is in Mobile County, Alabama, USA.

IN : Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the chemical formula CaCO3.
OUT: Calcium carbonate is a compound with the formula CaCO3.

IN : Challis later realized that he had observed the planet twice in August, failing to identify it owing to his casual approach to the work.
OUT: Challis later recognized that he had seen the planet twice in August but didn't identify it due to his careless attitude.

IN : It is located on Polyphemus's Island in the Sea of Monsters (the Bermuda Triangle) .
OUT: It's on Polyphemus's Island in the Sea of Monsters (Bermuda Triangle).

IN : However, the status of Leadbeater's Possum is in even more doubt following the disastrous bushfires that swept its only known habitat on Black Saturday in February 2009.
OUT: The Leadbeater's Possum's habitat was devastated by the bushfires in February 2009, threatening its status.

IN : Toronto won the series and advanced to the Stanley Cup finals.
OUT: Toronto reached the Stanley Cup finals by winning the series.

IN : Then he pulled Daniel out, and threw into the den those who had attempted his destruction, and they were instantly eaten before his eyes. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Then he pulled Daniel out, and threw into the den those who had attempted his destruction, and they were instantly eaten before his eyes. ''Then he pulled Daniel out and threw those who tried to harm him into the den. They were devoured before him.''

IN : "Open Road" is the first single from Bryan Adams' 2004 album "Room Service" .
OUT: "Open Road" is the first single from Bryan Adams' album "Room Service".

IN : He is portrayed in the original trilogy by Alec Guinness and in the prequel trilogy by Ewan McGregor.
OUT: Alec Guinness portrays him in the original trilogy, and Ewan McGregor portrays him in the prequel trilogy.

IN : The 14th century saw further growth.
OUT: The 14th century grew more.

IN : Miani continues to have a population of Muslim Khatris.
OUT: Miani has a Muslim Khatri population.

IN : A baker's dozen, long dozen, or long measure is 13, one more than a standard dozen.
OUT: A baker's dozen is 13 items.

IN : The $ 1 note was replaced by a coin in 1984, while a $ 100 note was also introduced.
OUT: A $1 coin replaced the $1 note in 1984, and a $100 note was introduced.

IN : Cheryl Elise Kendall Gillan FCIM (born 21 April 1952 in Cardiff, Wales) is a British Conservative Party politician.
OUT: Cheryl Gillan is a British Conservative Party politician.

IN : Markkleeberg is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
OUT: Markkleeberg is a town in the Leipzig metropolitan area, in Saxony, Germany.

IN : Samus travels to its core, where she finally defeats Dark Samus, then the corrupted Aurora Unit 313.
OUT: Samus reaches the core and defeats Dark Samus and Aurora Unit 313.

IN : The adult robin is preyed upon by hawks, cats and larger snakes, but when feeding in flocks, it is able to be vigilant and watch other birds for reactions to predators.
OUT: A robin faces threats from hawks, cats, and larger snakes, but can stay alert when feeding with other robins.

IN : Often the acts of artivists can be refererred to as part of the larger concept of Culture jamming.
OUT: Artists' actions can be referred to as culture jamming.

IN : Zinc sheet metal is used to make zinc bars.
OUT: Zinc is used to make zinc bars.

IN : It is situated just off the Mid-Western Highway 258 km west of Sydney and 52 km south-west of Bathurst and is 720 m above sea-level.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It is situated just off the Mid-Western Highway 258 km west of Sydney and 52 km south-west of Bathurst and is 720 m above sea-level. The Blue Mountains are located west of Sydney and south-west of Bathurst, approximately 258 km and 52 km away, respectively, and are 720 meters above sea-level.

IN : Many settled in the new free colony of Victoria, to the disgust of the free settlers in towns such as Melbourne.
OUT: Many new settlers moved to Victoria, angering existing settlers in Melbourne.

IN : The program still aired on Thursdays in Canada on the Score.
OUT: The program aired on Thursdays in Canada on The Score.

IN : They are aromatic, with erect branched stems up to 60 cm long covered with fine hairs at the tips.
OUT: The stems of these plants are erect, up to 60 cm long, and have fine hairs at the tips. They are aromatic.

IN : Death Magnetic debuted at number one in the United States selling 490,000 units with Metallica becoming the first band to have five consecutive studio albums debut at number one in the history of the Billboard 200. After a week of its release, Death Magnetic remained at number one on the Billboard 200, the European album chart, and became the fastest selling album in Australia for 2008.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Death Magnetic debuted at number one in the United States selling 490,000 units with Metallica becoming the first band to have five consecutive studio albums debut at number one in the history of the Billboard 200. After a week of its release, Death Magnetic remained at number one on the Billboard 200, the European album chart, and became the fastest selling album in Australia for 2008. Metallica set a new record for the biggest opening week sales for a rock album in the United States. Metallica's Death Magnetic debuted at number one in the US, Europe,

IN : The first Duke Nukem 3D port was from icculus.org.
OUT: The first Duke Nukem 3D port was by icculus.org.

IN : to his publisher, who replied with a single' ! ' .
OUT: The publisher replied with a single exclamation point.

IN : The full text of the report is available through several websites.
OUT: The report is available online through several websites.

IN : The key problems of complex systems are difficulties with their formal modeling and simulation.
OUT: Complex systems have challenges in their formal modeling and simulation.

IN : Mirza lost in the first round of the MPS Group Championships but won the doubles title with Chuang.
OUT: Mirza lost in the first round of the MPS Group Championships, but won the doubles title with Chuang.

IN : He was born into slavery; his parents were owned by Edward B. Dudley the Governor of North Carolina from 1836 to 1841.
OUT: He was born into slavery during Governor Edward B. Dudley's tenure in North Carolina (1836-1841).

IN : Winston Smith works as a clerk in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth, where his job is to rewrite historical documents so they match the constantly changing current party line.
OUT: Winston Smith rewrites historical records for the Ministry of Truth.

IN : She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Cold Mountain (2003) .
OUT: She won a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award for Cold Mountain (2003).

IN : Keidran Jones, (born 1987) better known as his stage name, Iyaz, from the British Virgin Islands, is a singer signed with the record label Beluga Heights Records.
OUT: Iyaz, born in 1987 in the British Virgin Islands, is a singer signed with Beluga Heights Records.

IN : The Diablo Gift Pack (2000) contained Diablo and Diablo II, but no expansions.
OUT: The Diablo Gift Pack (2000) included Diablo and Diablo II.

IN : However, he had a poor showing at the St. Petersburg tournament in 1914, not placing in the top five.
OUT: He had a poor showing at the 1914 St. Petersburg tournament and didn't finish in the top five.

IN : On the other hand, the Japanese car parts were virtually identical to each other, and much closer to the nominal values for the parts - e.g. , if a part were supposed to be one foot long, plus or minus 1\/8 of an inch - then the Japanese parts were within 1\/16 of an inch.
OUT: The Japanese car parts were nearly identical to each other and closer to their nominal values than parts from other manufacturers.

IN : Epicurus is a key figure in the development of science and the scientific method because of his insistence that nothing should be believed, except that which was tested through direct observation and logical deduction.
OUT: Epicurus significantly contributed to science through his emphasis on empirical evidence and logical reasoning.

IN : Oparin argued that a "primeval soup" of organic molecules could be created in an oxygenless atmosphere through the action of sunlight.
OUT: Oparin proposed that organic molecules could form in a sunlight-filled, oxygen-free atmosphere.

IN : Sir Roger Penrose OM FRS (born 8 August 1931) is an English mathematical physicist and Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematical Institute, University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College.
OUT: Sir Roger Penrose is a British mathematical physicist and professor at the University of Oxford.

IN : Antonio de Ulloa y de la Torre-Giralt (12 January 1716 -- 3 July 1795) was a Spanish general, explorer, author, astronomer, colonial administrator and the first Spanish governor of Louisiana.
OUT: Antonio de Ulloa was a Spanish explorer, general, author, astronomer, and colonial administrator, best known as the first Spanish governor of Louisiana (1766-1773).

IN : David Suzuki: The Autobiography is the 2006 autobiography of Canadian science writer and broadcaster David Suzuki.
OUT: David Suzuki's 2006 autobiography is called 'David Suzuki: The Autobiography'.

IN : This possibility kept the asteroid at Level 1 on the Torino impact hazard scale until August 2006, when the probability that Apophis will pass through the keyhole was determined to be very small.
OUT: The asteroid remained at Level 1 on the Torino impact hazard scale until August 2006, when the probability of a close encounter was deemed small.

IN : Preceded by the UK and US Top 10 hit "Tumbling Dice" , Exile on Main St. was released in May 1972.
OUT: Released in May 1972, after "Tumbling Dice" hit the Top 10 in the UK and US, Exile on Main St.

IN : can subscribe to a web feed of this page in either (RSS) or (Atom) format.
OUT: You can subscribe to this page in RSS or Atom format.

IN : Songmaster received the Hamilton-Brackett Memorial Award 1981.
OUT: Songmaster won the Hamilton-Brackett Memorial Award in 1981.

IN : Henry was born in the tower above the gatehouse of Monmouth Castle and for that reason called Henry of Monmouth, son of Henry of Bolingbroke, later Henry IV, and sixteen-year-old Mary de Bohun.
OUT: Henry, born above Monmouth Castle's gatehouse, was called Henry of Monmouth. He was the son of Henry of Bolingbroke, later Henry IV, and Mary de Bohun.

IN : She was made a doctor of music by the University of Cambridge in 1976, and became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1992.
OUT: The University of Cambridge conferred a doctor of music degree upon her in 1976. In 1992, she was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire.

IN : The Toyota Sequoia is a full-size SUV produced by Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana in Princeton, Indiana.
OUT: A full-size SUV made by Toyota in Princeton, Indiana.

IN : Legislation (or "statutory law") is law which has been promulgated (or "enacted") by a legislature or other governing body, or the process of making it.
OUT: Legislation is law made by a legislature or governing body.

IN : The lawnchair used in the flight was given to an admiring boy named Jerry, though Walters later regretted doing so, since the Smithsonian Institute asked him to donate it to its museum.
OUT: The boy named Jerry received the lawnchair used in the flight from Walters. However, Walters later regretted this decision when the Smithsonian Institute requested the chair for its museum.

IN : After the plot was exposed in September 1780, he was commissioned into the British Army as a brigadier general.
OUT: 2. He was commissioned into the British Army as a brigadier general.

IN : However, the timing of the availability of DECT, in the mid 1990s, was too early to find wide application for wireless data outside niche industrial applications.
OUT: The timing of DECT's availability in the mid 1990s was too early for widespread wireless data use outside of industrial applications.

IN : Its initial game, a first-person shooter called Disruptor for the PlayStation, was released on November 20, 1996, and received critical success.
OUT: The first-person shooter Disruptor for the PlayStation was released on November 20, 1996, to critical acclaim.

IN : Bourdenay is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
OUT: Bourdenay is a commune in Aube, France.

IN : Mowgli and Shanti fall too but are saved by Baloo.
OUT: Mowgli, Shanti fall but are saved by Baloo.

IN : Discovered by Edward John Eyre in 1839, for the following twenty years it was believed that Lake Torrens was an enormous horseshoe-shaped saltpan encircling the northern Flinders Ranges and blocking any path to the interior.
OUT: The following twenty years, it was believed that Lake Torrens was an enormous horseshoe-shaped saltpan encircling the northern Flinders Ranges. This blocked any path to the interior. (Discovered by Edward John Eyre in 1839)

IN : The Western Tragopan or Western Horned Tragopan (Tragopan melanocephalus) is a medium sized brightly plumaged pheasant found along the Himalayas from Hazara in northern Pakistan in the west to Uttarakhand within India to the east.
OUT: A medium-sized pheasant, the Western Tragopan, inhabits the Himalayas from Pakistan to India.

IN : The Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) (, Hrka alAdl oalmsaoaa) is a rebel group involved in the Darfur conflict of Sudan, led by Khalil Ibrahim.
OUT: The Justice and Equality Movement (JEM), led by Khalil Ibrahim, is a rebel group involved in the Darfur conflict in Sudan.

IN : Keyboard instruments were further developed in the early 20th century.
OUT: Keyboard instruments were developed further in the early 20th century.

IN : The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong to the same dynamic cluster as Stephano and Francisco, suggesting common origin.
OUT: Orbital parameters indicate a common origin with Stephano and Francisco.

IN : In 1990, at the age of 29, she was admitted as a partner.
OUT: In 1990, she became a partner at age 29.

IN : In 1973, new information came to light about FBI operations targeted against Weather Underground and the New Left, all part of a series of covert and often illegal FBI projects called COINTEL.
OUT: In 1973, the FBI's covert and often illegal operations against the Weather Underground and New Left were exposed.

IN : The NFL's Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the NHL's Tampa Bay Lightning call Tampa home, while the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball play across the bay in St. Petersburg.
OUT: Tampa is home to the NFL's Buccaneers, the NHL's Lightning, and MLB's Rays, with the latter playing in St. Petersburg.

IN : It occurs on every continent except Australia and Antarctica.
OUT: This phenomenon is found on all continents except Australia and Antarctica.

IN : Malvales is the name of an order of flowering plants.
OUT: Malvales is the name of an order of plants.

IN : A reverse proxy is a proxy server that appears to clients to be an ordinary server.
OUT: A reverse proxy is a server that relays client requests to an origin server and returns the origin server's response to the client.

IN : For example, the "Do not steal" may be loosely matched to "Concern of everyone about the preservation and multiplication of the common wealth" .
OUT: The "Do not steal" rule can be related to the concern for preserving and increasing the common wealth.

IN : Some reduction in numbers occurred because of habitat loss when the Europeans started settling further inland.
OUT: The Europeans caused a decrease in numbers due to habitat loss as they expanded their settlements inland.

IN : Both the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern China.
OUT: The Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading of southwestern Chinese companies.

IN : In Japan, China, Taiwan and some Southeast Asian countries, including Thailand and Malaysia, peas are roasted and salted, and eaten as snacks.
OUT: In Japan, China, Taiwan, Thailand, and Malaysia, peas are roasted and salted for consumption as snacks.

IN : In 1783, according to family tradition, Jane and Cassandra were sent to Oxford to be educated by Mrs. Ann Cawley and they moved with her to Southampton later in the year.
OUT: In 1783, Jane and Cassandra were sent to Oxford to be educated by Mrs. Cawley and later moved with her to Southampton.

IN : The word laser started as an acronym for "light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation" ; in modern usage "light" broadly denotes electromagnetic radiation of any frequency, not only visible light, hence infrared laser, ultraviolet laser, X-ray laser, and so on.
OUT: The word laser is an acronym for "light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation." In modern usage, "light" refers to electromagnetic radiation of any frequency, so we have infrared lasers, ultraviolet lasers, X-ray lasers, and so on.

IN : Use the arguments n1, n2, n3, etc. to specify items that should not be linked.
OUT: Do not link the specified items using the arguments n1, n2, n3, etc.

IN : Since 2001, these have been led by democratically elected local councils, each headed by a Nazim (the word means "supervisor" in Urdu, but is sometimes translated as Mayor) .
OUT: Since 2001, each local council has been headed by a democratically elected Nazim.

IN : Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces is a commune in northwestern France, in the Calvados department and the Basse-Normandie region.

IN : The main branches consider tritheism heretical.
OUT: Tritheism is considered heretical by main branches.

IN : God later commanded Moses to inscribe two other tablets, to replace the ones Moses smashed, so Moses went to the mountain again, for another period of 40 days and nights, and when he returned, the commandments were finally given.
OUT: God had Moses create new tablets after the old ones were broken, which took another 40 days on the mountain.

IN : The birth of the anti-nuclear movement in California can be traced to controversy over Pacific Gas & Electric's attempt to build the nation's first commercially viable nuclear power plant in Bodega Bay.
OUT: The anti-nuclear movement in California began due to controversy over Pacific Gas & Electric's plan to build the country's first commercially viable nuclear power plant in Bodega Bay.

IN : Finally, she established Harry's birth date as 31 July, the same as her own.
OUT: She set Harry's birth date as July 31, her own.

IN : In 2005, new Furbies were released, with voice-recognition and more complex facial movements, and many other changes and improvements.
OUT: New Furbies with improved features were introduced in 2005.

IN : Most timpani have six to eight tension rods.
OUT: Timpani typically have six to eight tension rods.

IN : In 2003, Bowyer raced a full season in the NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division Midwest Series, scoring one top-ten finish in 11 starts.
OUT: In 2003, Bowyer finished one race in the NASCAR Midwest Series among the top ten, in 11 starts.

IN : The decision was handed down by a vote of 7 to 1 with the majority opinion written by Justice Henry Billings Brown and the dissent written by Justice John Marshall Harlan.
OUT: The decision was made with a 7-1 vote. Justice Henry Billings Brown wrote the majority opinion, while Justice John Marshall Harlan wrote the dissent.

IN : Art Director of Classica Nova International Music Competition.
OUT: Art Director of Classica Nova Music Competition.

IN : The Futurists practiced in every medium of art, including painting, sculpture, ceramics, graphic design, industrial design, interior design, theater, film, fashion, textiles, literature, music, architecture and even gastronomy.
OUT: The Futurists worked in various art forms, such as painting, sculpture, graphic design, industrial design, theater, film, fashion, literature, music, architecture, and gastronomy.

IN : Even the most level-headed, otherwise-normal software developers will become overwhelmed by the pre-exising nerdisms, so that even simple changes can introduce new quirks, and hence, no single group of people can be blamed for the combined, bizarre outcomes.
OUT: Software developers, even the most experienced, can be overwhelmed by complex systems, leading to unexpected quirks in simple changes.

IN : According to Christian Friedrich Daniel Schubart, A major is a key suitable for "declarations of innocent love, ... hope of seeing one's beloved again when parting; youthful cheerfulness and trust in God."
OUT: A major key is associated with innocent love, hope, youthful cheerfulness, and trust in God, according to Schubart.

IN : The title of the psalm claims that it was written by King David after his battle with Goliath.
OUT: The psalm title attributes it to King David after his victory over Goliath.

IN : The words were set to music by Albert Von Tilzer, (Norworth and Von Tilzer finally saw their first Major League Baseball games 32 and 20 years later, respectively) .
OUT: The words were set to music by Albert Von Tilzer. (Norworth and Von Tilzer attended their first MLB games decades later.)

IN : The main plot follows two terminally ill men (portrayed by Nicholson and Freeman) on their road trip with a wish list of things to do before they "kick the bucket."
OUT: Two terminally ill men, portrayed by Nicholson and Freeman, go on a road trip with a list of things they want to do before they die.

IN : It is located in Kansas City, Missouri.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It is located in Kansas City, Missouri. The simplified sentence is: It's in Kansas City, Missouri.

IN : Information returned includes the server's version, when it was compiled, the patch level, when it was started, and any other information which may be considered to be relevant.
OUT: The server provides version information, compilation date, patch level, and other relevant details upon being queried.

IN : D'Ambrosio moved into single-seaters in 2003, winning the Belgian Formula Renault (1.6 litre) championship, driving for former Formula One driver and compatriot Thierry Boutsen's team.
OUT: D'Ambrosio started racing in single-seaters in 2003 and won the Belgian Formula Renault championship that year.

IN : The animals have weak musculature but maintain agility and buoyancy with little effort thanks to sophisticated statocysts (balancing organs akin to a human's inner ear) and ammonium-rich gelatinous tissues closely matching the density of the surrounding seawater.
OUT: Animals with weak muscles remain agile and buoyant due to advanced balancing organs and dense tissues in seawater.

IN : The Bir Tawil area came under Egyptian administration in 1902, because it was grazing land of the Ababda tribe based near Aswan, Egypt.
OUT: The Bir Tawil area was administered by Egypt starting from 1902, due to it being grazing land for the Ababda tribe located near Aswan.

IN : Five Indiana manufacturers supplied 3.2 million ten-pound bricks to the track.
OUT: Five Indiana manufacturers provided 32 million bricks to the track. (Assuming each brick weighs 10 pounds)

IN : He missed one race the whole season and scored two Top 5's and 7 Top 10's on his way to a 20th place position in the point standings.
OUT: One race was missed the entire season, resulting in two Top 5 finishes and seven Top 10 finishes, placing him 20th in the point standings.

IN : Anvik is located at (62.655659, -160.209237) , west of the Yukon River at the mouth of the Anvik River.
OUT: Anvik is a location west of the Yukon River, near its Anvik River mouth, at coordinates (62.655659, -160.209237).

IN : As part of the new government structure in South Sudan in 2005, Bahr al Jabal was renamed Central Equatoria.
OUT: In 2005, Central Equatoria was renamed in South Sudan's new government structure.

IN : Later, he signed with the new Germain-Arnold Racing team, finishing 4th in their debut at Richmond.
OUT: He finished 4th in the debut race of Germain-Arnold Racing at Richmond.

IN : For editors that prefer this style, this template has parameters page, pages, and at.
OUT: This template has parameters page, pages, and at for editors who prefer this style.

IN : During such revisions, sports can be excluded or included in the program on the basis of a two-thirds majority vote of the members of the IOC.
OUT: Revisions can exclude or include sports in the program with a two-thirds IOC member vote.

IN : It is split horizontally into an upper red half and a lower black half.
OUT: The upper half is red; the lower half is black.

IN : Afterward, the band took a slot opening for Guns N' Roses in North America on the band's Use Your Illusion Tour.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Afterward, the band took a slot opening for Guns N' Roses in North America on the band's Use Your Illusion Tour. The band opened for Guns N' Roses on their Use Your Illusion Tour in North America.

IN : Plant life is more diverse in the Middle Missouri but it does not have many species of fish. Finally, the Central Prairie ecoregion is situated on the lower part of the Missouri, encompassing all or parts of Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Arkansas.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Plant life is more diverse in the Middle Missouri but it does not have many species of fish. Finally, the Central Prairie ecoregion is situated on the lower part of the Missouri, encompassing all or parts of Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Arkansas. The simplified sentence is: In the Middle Missouri region, there is greater plant diversity but fewer fish species.

IN : However on 9 December an agreement was reached with Formula One rights holder Bernie Ecclestone ensuring that the track would host the British Grand Prix until 2009 after which Donington Park would become the new host of the British Grand Prix.
OUT: The British Grand Prix will be held at Donington Park from 2009, after an agreement was reached with Bernie Ecclestone.

IN : Yusuke Tasaka is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kawasaki Frontale.
OUT: Yusuke Tasaka is a Japanese football player for Kawasaki Frontale.

IN : Gosport is located at.
OUT: Gosport is at the south eastern tip of Portsmouth Harbour in Hampshire, England.

IN : No further edits should be made to this page.
OUT: No more edits are needed for this page.

IN : They did not leave many artefacts or monuments.
OUT: Few artefacts or monuments were left by them.

IN : Dachau was founded in the 8th century.
OUT: Dachau was founded in the Middle Ages.

IN : The NAS, NAE, and IOM are honorary membership organizations, with a total membership of over 6,000 scientists, engineers, and health professionals.
OUT: The three organizations, NAS, NAE, and IOM, have a combined membership of over 6,000 scientists, engineers, and health professionals.

IN : Bart's first stunt ends in injury, and despite the family and Dr. Hibbert's best efforts, he continues to attempt stunts.
OUT: Bart's first stunt injures him, but he still tries more.

IN : In 2005, Kroes was selected as "Model of The Year" on Vogue.com by readers and was featured on the cover of the May 2007 issue with the new crop of "supermodels."
OUT: In 2005, Kroes was named "Model of The Year" on Vogue.com and appeared on the May 2007 cover as a "supermodel."

IN : It has 24 cantons and 288 communes.
OUT: There are 24 cantons and 288 communes in the area.

IN : John Sheehan was appointed Marshal in 1875, by Mayor Eli Teed.
OUT: John Sheehan became Marshal in 1875, under Mayor Eli Teed.

IN : The image to the right demonstrates this.
OUT: This image shows it.

IN : Bertrand's postulate (actually a theorem) states that if n) 3 is an integer, then there always exists at least one prime number p with n 1 there is always at least one prime p such that n (p (2n.
OUT: Bertrand's theorem states that for any integer n greater than 1, there exists a prime number p between n and 2n.

IN : After a few times Eli told Samuel that the voice was God's, and instructed Samuel on how to respond. Once Samuel responded God told him that the wickedness of the sons of Eli had resulted in their dynasty being condemned to destruction.
OUT: Eli told Samuel that God's voice instructed him, and God condemned Eli's family for their wickedness.

IN : He stated that he came to office under "very sad and unusual circumstances."
OUT: He came to office under sad and unusual circumstances.

IN : Other pages using this link should be updated to replace text with the redirect target (again, without piping) .
OUT: Other pages should update text with redirect target.

IN : The campus' office of public affairs recognizes two official names for the university: "California State Polytechnic University, Pomona" and "Cal Poly Pomona" .
OUT: The office of public affairs at California State Polytechnic University recognizes "California State Polytechnic University, Pomona" and "Cal Poly Pomona" as the university's official names.

IN : She has also expressed a desire to work with director Lukas Moodysson again.
OUT: She wants to work with Lukas Moodysson again.

IN : The city lost its prime importance around 2000 BC, in the context of the struggle of Babylonia with Elam, but it remained inhabited throughout the Seleucid and Parthian periods until it was finally abandoned during the Sassanid period shortly before the Islamic conquest of Mesopotamia.
OUT: The city's significance waned around 2000 BC during Babylonia's conflict with Elam. It was inhabited throughout the Seleucid and Parthian eras, but was eventually abandoned during the Sassanid period before the Islamic conquest.

IN : Dubai's government operates within the framework of a constitutional monarchy, and has been ruled by the Al Maktoum family since 1833. The current ruler, Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, is also the Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and member of the Supreme Council of the Union (SCU) .
OUT: Since 1833, Dubai has been ruled by the Al Maktoum family, with Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum currently serving as the ruler, Vice President, Prime Minister of the UAE

IN : The depression turned to the northwest, dropping heavy rains on central Texas on August 6.
OUT: The depression moved northwest, bringing central Texas heavy rains on August 6.

IN : Once we have the genetic representation and the fitness function defined, GA proceeds to initialize a population of solutions randomly, then improve it through repetitive application of mutation, crossover, inversion and selection operators.
OUT: GA initializes a population of solutions randomly and then improves it through repetitive application of mutation, crossover, inversion, and selection.

IN : With the aid of the djinni of the lamp, Aladdin becomes rich and powerful and marries Princess Badroulbadour, the Emperor's daughter.
OUT: Aladdin marries Princess Badroulbadour and gains wealth and power with the djinni's help.

IN : See the below example, where "Sunk:" and "Raised:" fields are added to the ship's career:
OUT: In the example below, "Sunk:" and "Raised:" fields are added to the ship's career.

IN : Built in 1923 on the location of an older tower called Crich Stand, the Memorial Tower is the destination of an annual pilgrimage on the first Sunday in July.
OUT: The Memorial Tower, erected in 1923, is the site of an annual pilgrimage on the first Sunday in July.

IN : Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
OUT: Mariel is a 1991 fantasy novel by Brian Jacques about Redwall.

IN : However, local historian William Corder had already made the criticism in the 1890s; Corder thought little of Crawford.
OUT: Local historian William Corder criticized Crawford as early as the 1890s.

IN : RPM was intended primarily for GNU\/Linux distributions; the file format is the baseline package format of the Linux Standard Base.
OUT: RPM is the primary package format for GNU/Linux distributions, based on the Linux Standard Base.

IN : In the end, Coby's jealousy of Ian and Tom's leadership, constant complaining and revealing too much of the tribe dynamics to Stephenie, gave him the boot and the first seat in the Jury in a 7-1-1 vote.
OUT: Coby's jealousy led to his removal from the tribe and a seat in the Jury.

IN : The electromagnetic force is one of the four fundamental forces.
OUT: The electromagnetic force is a fundamental force.

IN : Aad de Mos (born 27 March 1947 in The Hague) is a Dutch football coach, currently managing Eredivisie club Sparta Rotterdam.
OUT: De Mos, born in The Hague, is a Dutch football coach currently managing Sparta Rotterdam in the Eredivisie.

IN : These 4 topics sum up the vast majority of issues and problems faced by global civil society and will remain, according to experts, the most urgent and relevant working areas for the global community.
OUT: The following topics are the most urgent and relevant for global civil society, according to experts.

IN : However, six new elite Bohrok, called the Bohrok-Kal, appeared with the purpose of releasing the Bahrag.
OUT: Six new elite Bohrok, the Bohrok-Kal, appeared to release the Bahrag.

IN : Like other components of the DES, the iterative nature of the Feistel construction makes implementing the cryptosystem in hardware easier (particularly on the hardware available at the time of DES' design) .
OUT: The iterative Feistel construction of DES makes hardware implementation easier.

IN : From the day of their debut to March 19, 2009, the five members are estimated to have been photographed about 500 million times in magazines, albums jackets, and commercials, etc. .
OUT: The five members were estimated to have been photographed around 500 million times between their debut and March 19, 2009, for magazines, album jackets, commercials, and so on.

IN : In a letter to Lincoln written the following day, Everett praised the President for his eloquent and concise speech, saying, "I should be glad if I could flatter myself that I came as near to the central idea of the occasion, in two hours, as you did in two minutes."
OUT: Everett praised Lincoln for his eloquent and concise speech. He wished he could have come close to the main theme of the occasion in the same amount of time.

IN : She married Emmanuel de Merode, a Belgian primatologist in 2003.
OUT: She married primatologist Emmanuel de Merode in 2003.

IN : From 450 BC these settlements were gradually taken over by the Etruscans.
OUT: The settlements were taken over by the Etruscans around 450 BC.

IN : Coeuve is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
OUT: Coeuve is a municipality in the canton of Jura, Switzerland, located in the district of Porrentruy.

IN : Abandoning his personal property, Fielding fled to London; Oson's seizure of Fielding's possessions mirrors Mrs Moneywood's threats to seize those belonging to Luckless.
OUT: Fielding left his belongings behind and went to London; Oson took Fielding's possessions, similar to Mrs Moneywood's threats to take Luckless's.

IN : During the Dry season, those rivers are reduced to a series of waterholes and sandy beds.
OUT: The rivers have waterholes and sandy beds during the dry season.

IN : For eyebrows, the cycle is completed in around 4 months, while it takes the scalp 3 -- 4 years to finish; this is the reason eyebrow hairs have a much shorter length limit compared to hairs on the head.
OUT: Eyebrow hair growth cycle is 4 months, while scalp hair growth cycle is 3-4 years, resulting in shorter eyebrow hairs.

IN : Ian Hicks was born in Portsmouth on the 3rd of August 1975.
OUT: Ian Hicks was born on the 3rd of August 1975 in Portsmouth.

IN : Takahiro Shimada (born 9 February 1965) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Takahiro Shimada is a former Japanese football player.

IN : Toudon is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
OUT: The commune of Toudon is in the Alpes-Maritimes department of France.

IN : On 18 September 96, Domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy involving members of the Praetorian Guard and several of his freedmen.
OUT: Domitian was assassinated on September 18, 96, by the Praetorian Guard and his freedmen.

IN : The event was marred by fans rioting in Manchester city center; these riots started after a big screen that was due to show the match had failed.
OUT: The riots occurred in Manchester city center after the big screen failed to show the match.

IN : The rifle itself could be based on a standard rifle (at first, a bolt-action rifle) ; however, when fitted with a telescopic sight, it becomes a sniper rifle.
OUT: A bolt-action rifle with a telescopic sight is a sniper rifle.

IN : At least four other songs he recorded for Paramount have never been found.
OUT: Four or more songs he recorded for Paramount are missing.

IN : At this point a local road (to Scout Green) runs between the two carriageways without a link to the motorway.
OUT: A local road connects the two carriageways of the motorway, leading to Scout Green.

IN : Subsequently Soundgarden's Screaming Life EP was released, and the grunge phenomenon quickly followed.
OUT: The grunge phenomenon followed Soundgarden's release of Screaming Life EP.

IN : The aurora borealis is sometimes visible on winter nights, weather permitting, especially at the climax of the 11 year cycle.
OUT: The aurora borealis can be seen on winter nights, depending on the weather, particularly during the cycle's peak.

IN : Sun was in Egypt to shoot a music video for her new album.
OUT: Sun filmed a music video for her new album in Egypt.

IN : In the Greek Orthodox Church, the terms "kathedrikos naos" (literally: "cathedral shrine") is sometimes used for the church at which an archbishop or "metropolitan" presides. The term "metropolis" (literally "mother city") is used more commonly than "diocese" to signify an area of governance within the church.
OUT: A Greek Orthodox Church archbishop's or metropolitan's church is sometimes called a "kathedrikos naos," while the term "metropolis" is more commonly used to refer to the area of governance within the church

IN : Mont Ventoux has become legendary as the scene of one of the most gruelling climbs in the Tour de France bicycle race, which has ascended the mountain fourteen times since 1951.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Mont Ventoux has become legendary as the scene of one of the most gruelling climbs in the Tour de France bicycle race, which has ascended the mountain fourteen times since 1951. Mont Ventoux is known for its gruelling climb in the Tour de France.

IN : On December 10, 2007, media reported that DuBrow had been pronounced dead on the afternoon of November 25, 2007, and that the cause of death was cocaine overdose.
OUT: The cause of DuBrow's death was reportedly a cocaine overdose on November 25, 2007.

IN : The Black and Tans was one of two newly recruited bodies, composed largely of British World War I veterans, employed by the Royal Irish Constabulary as Temporary Constables from 1920 to 1921 to suppress revolution in Ireland.
OUT: The Black and Tans were British World War I veterans who joined the Royal Irish Constabulary as temporary constables from 1920 to 1921 to quell the Irish revolution.

IN : Under the constitution of 1868, executive power is exercised by the Grand Duke and the cabinet, which consists of several other ministers.
OUT: The constitution of 1868 grants executive power to the Grand Duke and the cabinet, composed of several ministers.

IN : She attempted to find opportunities for film work, and while unemployed, she posed for nude photographs.
OUT: A struggling actress searched for film jobs while posing nude for photos during her unemployment.

IN : Lando Calrissian is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe.
OUT: Lando Calrissian is a Star Wars character.

IN : He appeared on the 29 March 2007 cover of the German Vanity Fair magazine, which included a several page spread about the cub's life.
OUT: He appeared on the cover of German Vanity Fair on March 29, 2007, with a multi-page feature about his life.

IN : The cumulative ACE for the 2006 season was toward the lower end of the official "Near Normal" grading.
OUT: Answer: B. The ACE in 2006 was close to the normal level.

IN : There is hyaline cartilage present in the bronchi, present as irregular rings in the larger bronchi (and not as regular as in the trachea) , and as small plates and islands in the smaller bronchi.
OUT: The hyaline cartilage is present in the bronchi, with irregular rings in the larger bronchi and small plates and islands in the smaller ones.

IN : This list is in chronological order across the page by genus.
OUT: The list is in chronological order, following the genus.

IN : The population was 3,038 at the 2000 census.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The population was 3,038 at the 2000 census. The population was 3,038 in 2000.

IN : The orbits these two moons follow around Saturn are much simpler than the one Cruithne follows, but operate along the same general principles.
OUT: The orbits of the two moons around Saturn are simpler than Cruithne's.

IN : Please remember that time spent with and number of edits to Wikipedia are not indicative of the quality of an editor's contributions, or of their diplomatic ability.
OUT: Time and edits on Wikipedia don't show an editor's contribution or diplomatic skills.

IN : Gustave Flaubert (December 12, 1821 -- May 8, 1880) was a French writer who is counted among the greatest Western novelists.
OUT: Flaubert was a renowned French novelist.

IN : The Royal Ontario Museum (ROM) is a museum of world culture and natural history in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
OUT: The Royal Ontario Museum is a world culture and natural history museum in Toronto, Canada.

IN : The convention's activities are called the "program" , which may include panel discussions, readings, autograph sessions, costume masquerades, and other events.
OUT: The program includes panel discussions, readings, autograph sessions, costume masquerades, and other events.

IN : The car was designed by Dante Giacosa.
OUT: Dante Giacosa designed the car.

IN : Atoka is a city in Atoka County, Oklahoma, United States.
OUT: Atoka is a city in Oklahoma's Atoka County, USA.

IN : Bionicle (stylized BIONICLE) is a line of toys by the LEGO Group marketed primarily for 5 - to 16-year-olds.
OUT: Bionicle is a LEGO toy line for ages 5 to 16.

IN : The per capita income for the village is $ 14,467.
OUT: The per capita income of the village is $14,467.50, less than the national average of $18,000.

IN : He was chief conductor of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra from 1981 until 1985 - the year he made his debut in the United Kingdom, along with pianist Evgeny Kissin, and violinists Maxim Vengerov and Vadim Repin, at The Lichfield Festival.
OUT: The Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra's chief conductor from 1981 to 1985 was he. In 1985, he debuted in the United Kingdom with Evgeny Kissin, Maxim Vengerov, and Vadim Repin at The Lich

IN : It was formerly listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the longest street in the world at 1896 k, and the construction of Yonge Street is designated an Event of National Historic Significance.
OUT: The longest part of Yonge Street is recognized as a National Historic Site. (Formerly listed as the longest street in the world with a length of approximately 1896 kilometers.)

IN : Today Lourdes has a population of around 15,000 but is able to take in some 5,000,000 pilgrims and tourists every season.
OUT: Lourdes has a population of about 15,000 and can accommodate 5 million pilgrims and tourists each season.

IN : However, after insulting the home-town team and introducing Kane, the wrestler gave him a tombstone piledriver starting a tri-year tradition.
OUT: Explanation: The simplified sentence retains the original meaning of the given sentence but is written in a clearer and more concise way. In the simplified sentence, the phrase "starting a tri-year tradition" is moved to the end to make the sentence flow better. Additionally, the

IN : The coverts (shorter feathers covering the bases of the long wing feathers) were gray, contrasting the mainly white main wings.
OUT: The coverts were gray, contrasting the main wings' white color.

IN : The actual phyllogenetic position of Westlothiania is uncertain, reflecting the uncertainty of labyrinthodont phylogeny in general.
OUT: The position of Westlothiania in the phylogenetic tree is uncertain, due to the uncertainty of labyrinthodont phylogeny.

IN : Survivor is an American version of the Survivor reality television game show, itself derived from the Swedish television series Expedition Robinson originally created in 1997 by Charlie Parsons.
OUT: The American version of Survivor is based on the Swedish television series Expedition Robinson, created by Charlie Parsons in 1997.

IN : Mont-d ` Origny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Mont-d'Origny is a commune in the Aisne department, in Picardy, northern France.

IN : Also, many people would likely call a fully automatic shotgun a shotgun, even though legally it would fall into a different category.
OUT: Many people consider a fully automatic shotgun to be a shotgun, despite its legal classification.

IN : It can also be used to reinstall the system software from the included installation DVD.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It can also be used to reinstall the system software from the included installation DVD. The system software can be reinstalled using the installation DVD.

IN : They are also known as long-horned grasshoppers, although they are more closely related to crickets than to grasshoppers.
OUT: These insects are called long-horned grasshoppers but are actually more related to crickets.

IN : Rush is a Canadian rock band originally formed in August 1968, in the Willowdale neighborhood of Toronto, Ontario, currently composed of bassist, keyboardist, and lead vocalist Geddy Lee, guitarist Alex Lifeson, and drummer and lyricist Neil Peart.
OUT: The Canadian rock band, Rush, consists of Geddy Lee (bassist, keyboardist, lead vocalist), Alex Lifeson (guitarist), and Neil Peart (drummer, lyricist).

IN : Founded in 1742, it became the provincial capital in 1840.
OUT: Since 1840, it has been the provincial capital (founded in 1742).

IN : They include a wide variety of pathogens, such as Escherichia, Salmonella, Vibrio, Helicobacter, and many other notable genera.
OUT: Some common pathogens are Escherichia, Salmonella, Vibrio, Helicobacter, and others.

IN : He laid out the first streets in Cary and built a sawmill, a general store and a post office (Page became the first Postmaster) .
OUT: The first streets in Cary were laid out by him, and he built a sawmill, a general store, and served as the first Postmaster, operating a post office.

IN : NC 12 is a North Carolina state highway that traverses the northeastern shoreline of North Carolina, linking the islands of the Outer Banks.
OUT: NC 12 is a North Carolina highway along the northeastern coast that connects the Outer Banks islands.

IN : Articles about trophies and awards found in the sport of ice hockey.
OUT: Ice hockey trophies and awards articles.

IN : This astronomical ceiling represents the heavens and is painted in dark blue, with a myriad of golden five-pointed stars.
OUT: A celestial ceiling, painted blue with golden five-pointed stars.

IN : Abortion, whether therapeutic or illegal, is in the main no longer dangerous, because it is being done well by physicians. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Abortion, whether therapeutic or illegal, is in the main no longer dangerous, because it is being done well by physicians. ''Abortion is generally safe when performed by qualified medical professionals.''

IN : Sepang International Circuit also features kart racing and motocross facilities.
OUT: Sepang International Circuit offers kart racing and motocross.

IN : European settlement led to the displacement of Aboriginal communities and the arrival of Torres Strait Islanders on the mainland.
OUT: European arrival displaced Aboriginal communities and brought Torres Strait Islanders to the mainland.

IN : This subtemplate of displays a metric\/imperial pair of population density values for a line in the main infobox.
OUT: A subtemplate in the main infobox shows population density values in both metric and imperial units for a line.

IN : They are slimy and are often seen at the edge of bodies of water with their eyes above the water.
OUT: The frogs are usually found near bodies of water, with their eyes visible above the surface.

IN : Casals died in 1973 in San Juan, Puerto Rico, at the age of 96 and was buried at the Puerto Rico National Cemetery.
OUT: Casals died in San Juan, Puerto Rico, at age 96. He is buried at the Puerto Rico National Cemetery.

IN : With Ozai defeated, the war quickly ends.
OUT: The war ends with Ozai's defeat.

IN : ; body: The material contained by the template, usually a list or list of links.
OUT: The material contained in a template is typically a list or links.

IN : Waterloo Script was created at the University of Waterloo later.
OUT: Waterloo Script was developed at the University of Waterloo.

IN : Krumbach was the capital of this district.
OUT: Krumbach was the district's capital.

IN : He also wrote introductions to compilations and many articles and translated several books from German to English.
OUT: He wrote introductions, articles, and translated books from German to English.

IN : In the year 1743 the first magistrate and mayor appointed.
OUT: The first magistrate and mayor were appointed in 1743.

IN : Teeth discovered associated with Tenontosaurus specimens imply it was hunted or at least scavenged upon by Deinonychus.
OUT: Fossil teeth linked to Tenontosaurus suggest it was preyed upon or scavenged by Deinonychus.

IN : Compacted oxide layer glaze describes the often shiny, wear-protective layer of oxide formed when two metals (or a metal and ceramic) are slid against each other at high temperature in an oxygen-containing atmosphere.
OUT: The compacted oxide layer is a shiny, wear-protective coating formed when metals or a metal and ceramic are slid against each other at high temperature in an oxygen-containing atmosphere.

IN : \/ \/ Replace redirects to Reflist with Reflist str = str.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: \/ \/ Replace redirects to Reflist with Reflist str = str.replace(/(?:\r\n)?(?:[ \t]+)(?:#|$)([^>]*?)(?: >|$)/, function(match, p1) { return p1 ? '<ref name="' + p1.replace(/ /g, '_') + '">' : '' }); return Reflist.replace(/<ref [^>]*>(.*?)<\/ref>/g, function(match, p1) { return '<cite>' + p1 + '</cite>' }); \/ This sentence can be simplified as follows: Re

IN : She resigned her office on January 2, 2007 in order to be sworn in to Congress on January 4, 2007.
OUT: She resigned on January 2, 2007 and was sworn into Congress on January 4, 2007.

IN : Estimates based on the tunnel's size, suggest it would have allowed approximately 2,000 KPA soldiers (one regiment) to pass through it per hour.
OUT: The tunnel's size would allow about 2,000 soldiers (one regiment) to pass through per hour.

IN : It was shot digitally.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It was shot digitally. The simplified sentence is: It was filmed digitally.

IN : The Third Punic War (Latin: Tertium Bellum Punicum) (149 BC to 146 BC) was the third and last of the Punic Wars fought between the former Phoenician colony of Carthage, and the Roman Republic.
OUT: The Third Punic War (149-146 BC) was the last conflict between Carthage and Rome.

IN : ; 2010 On November 27, 2009 it was announced that Peter Sauber would repurchase the team conditional upon the team receiving a FIA entry for the 2010 season.
OUT: The team received the FIA entry for the 2010 season, so Peter Sauber repurchased the team in 2009 for the 2010 season.

IN : On 13 March 1888, a volcano erupted on Ritter Island causing a megatsunami.
OUT: A volcano on Ritter Island erupted in 1888, causing a megatsunami.

IN : It involves one or more students (also called pupils or learners in some circumstances) being taught by a teacher or instructor.
OUT: The students are taught by a teacher or instructor.

IN : RPM was a Canadian music industry publication that featured song and album charts for Canada.
OUT: RPM was a Canadian music publication with charts for Canadian songs and albums.

IN : The municipality comprises the towns of Dadizele and Moorslede proper.
OUT: The municipality includes the towns of Dadizele and Moorslede.

IN : She was voted # 45 on FHM-US and FHM-Australia's 100 Sexiest Women in 2000.
OUT: She was ranked 45th in both FHM-US and FHM-Australia's lists of the 100 Sexiest Women in 2000.

IN : In 1919, the University of Concepcion was founded, becoming the first regional university in Chile. The University's founder, Enrique Molina Garmendia, was also its first President and proposed that "this new University, in addition to professional education in liberal arts and technical sciences, as required by the development of increased national wealth, will be center of information for the public, outreach, scientific research and experimentation, and the promotion of best literary, humanist and philosophical culture" .
OUT: The University of Concepcion was founded in 1919, serving as Chile's first regional university. Its

IN : Paul Mariner (born 22 May 1953) is an English football coach, manager, and retired player, who is currently with Toronto FC.
OUT: Paul Mariner is a British football coach and manager, currently working for Toronto FC.

IN : The open goods wagons were originally delivered with a single top-hung side door on each side, but these proved inefficient, and all were eventually converted to side hung double doors.
OUT: Open wagons originally had single top-hung doors on each side, but were later converted to side-hung double doors.

IN : He is best known for his work with World Wrestling Entertainment as simply Daivari and with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as Sheik Abdul Bashir.
OUT: Daivari is best known for his work with World Wrestling Entertainment and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.

IN : Anne enjoyed a close and happy family upbringing in Denmark, thanks largely to Queen Sophie, who tended the children herself during their illnesses.
OUT: Anne had a loving family upbringing in Denmark, largely due to Queen Sophie's care during their illnesses.

IN : However, the gates opened at 06:00 on September 22 as originally planned and the tournament's first day went ahead without major disruption.
OUT: The gates opened at 06:00 on September 22 and the tournament's first day went smoothly.

IN : They may be either regular issues that just happen to be printed in small groups (typical of many early stamps) , or special issues often commemorating some event, such as a national anniversary, philatelic exhibition, or government program.
OUT: Special issues are stamps commemorating events. Early stamps may be printed in small groups, but are typically regular issues.

IN : Adamsville is a village in Muskingum County, Ohio, United States.
OUT: Adamsville is a village in Ohio's Muskingum County.

IN : Quirinus was originally most likely a Sabine god of war.
OUT: Quirinus was probably a Sabine god of war.

IN : Lee was born in Daegu, the hub of Korea's main conservative party. He graduated in 1981 with a degree in Korean Literature from Kyungpook National University in Daegu, where he spent much of his time in the theater, writing and directing plays.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Lee was born in Daegu, the hub of Korea's main conservative party. He graduated in 1981 with a degree in Korean Literature from Kyungpook National University in Daegu, where he spent much of his time in the theater, writing and directing plays. Lee is a prominent conservative politician in South Korea. He was born in Daegu.

IN : Reuters quoted an unnamed Western diplomat as saying "They (the Government of Kazakhstan) are damned if they do (respond) and damned if they do n't," he said.
OUT: A Western diplomat, unnamed, said the Kazakh government faces criticism no matter its response.

IN : He studied cell division and pollination, but became known as the man who discouraged Gregor Mendel from further work on genetics.
OUT: Mendel was discouraged from continuing genetics research by this scientist. (The scientist being referred to is He in the original sentence.)

IN : The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party (SDHP) , is the oldest of the Armenian political parties and was the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia.
OUT: The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party (SDHP) is the oldest Armenian political party and the first socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and Persia.

IN : Edwards and Farley also received an honorary city council membership from Jones, who had previously appeared on The Political Cesspool.
OUT: Edwards and Farley received honorary city council memberships from Jones.

IN : Guam, along with the rest of the Mariana and Caroline Islands, were treated as part of Spain's colony in the Philippines. While Guam's Chamorro culture is unique, the cultures of both Guam and the Northern Marianas were heavily influenced by Spanish culture and traditions during their 333 years of rule.
OUT: The Mariana and Caroline Islands, including Guam, were part of Spain's Philippine colony, with Spanish culture significantly influencing Guam and the Northern Marianas for 333 years.

IN : The embryo develops an "egg tooth" during incubation, which it uses to tear open the egg; the tooth disappears soon after hatching.
OUT: The embryo forms a tooth during incubation to break open the egg, which it loses after hatching.

IN : This is to be placed at the end of a language article, in the same way as the template is used now, but for test Wikipedias on Incubator.
OUT: Place this at the end of language articles on Incubator for test Wikipedias.

IN : The god Sobek, which was depicted as a crocodile or a man with the head of a crocodile was a powerful and frightening deity; in some Egyptian creation myths, it was Sobek who first came out of the waters of chaos to create the world.
OUT: A powerful and frightening deity, Sobek was depicted as a crocodile or a man with a crocodile head. In some Egyptian creation myths, he was the first being to emerge from the chaotic waters to create the world.

IN : Scorpion stings lead to paralysis and Serket's name describes this, as it means (she who) tightens the throat, however, Serket's name also can be read as meaning (she who) causes the throat to breathe, and so, as well as being seen as stinging the unrighteous, Serket was seen as one who could cure scorpion stings and the effects of other poisons such as snake bites.
OUT: Serket is known for curing scorpion stings and other poisonous bites.

IN : Derwinski currently resides in Glen Ellyn, Illinois with his wife, the former Bonita Hickey.
OUT: Derwinski lives in Glen Ellyn, Illinois with his wife.

IN : This is a partial list of the various lists of astronomical objects.
OUT: A partial list of astronomical objects.

IN : In other folklore, the changelings are put in place of the child to feed off of the mother of the child. The kidnapped child then becomes food for the changeling's mother.
OUT: The changelings take the place of children and feed off their mothers. The real children are believed to be consumed by the changelings' mothers.

IN : For example, in about 5 billion years, when the Sun is a red giant, it will expand out to a maximum radius of roughly 1 A, 250 times its present size.
OUT: The Sun will become a red giant with a maximum radius of about 1 Astronomical Unit, or 250 times its current size, in about 5 billion years.

IN : Herlincourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Herlincourt is a commune in Pas-de-Calais, France.

IN : These additions turn the material into a low alloy steel by some definitions, but AISI's definition of carbon steel allows up to 1.65 % manganese by weight.
OUT: AISI considers up to 1.65% manganese as carbon steel. These additions make the material a low alloy steel by some definitions.

IN : It is primarily low-lying, which is one explanation for the name which the French gave unto it, as Basseterre translates to "low land" in English.
OUT: The French named it Basseterre because it is primarily low-lying.

IN : Five days later, on the February 24 edition of SmackDown!
OUT: Five days after, on February 24 SmackDown!, Edge challenged John Cena for the WWE Championship.

IN : It was attended by approximately a thousand people including many artists he had championed.
OUT: Approximately a thousand people, including many artists he had championed, attended.

IN : To participate in the match, a wrestler had to first qualify for it by winning a match; this process began on the February 23 episode of Raw, in which CM Punk qualified by defeating The Miz and John Morrison in a Triple Threat match.
OUT: A wrestler had to qualify for the match by winning a Triple Threat match on the February 23 episode of Raw.

IN : In October 1987, on its 100th anniversary, the name was changed to Yamaha Corporation.
OUT: The name of Yamaha was changed to Yamaha Corporation in October 1987.

IN : An enquiry was held but no attempt was made to arrest Donald Traill, master of Neptune and described as a demented sadist, or bring a public prosecution against him, the other masters, or the firm of contractors.
OUT: A hearing took place, but no arrest or prosecution was initiated against Donald Traill, the master of Neptune, or the other masters or contractors.

IN : It flows through Srinagar and the Wular lake before entering Pakistan through a deep narrow gorge.
OUT: The sentence flows through Srinagar and Wular lake, then enters Pakistan through a deep, narrow gorge.

IN : The 2,500-strong Pakistan Coast Guard, headquartered in Karachi, is responsible for maritime law, and maintenance of seamarks, border control, anti-smuggling operations, and other services.
OUT: The Pakistan Coast Guard, based in Karachi, enforces maritime law, maintains seamarks, and handles border control, anti-smuggling operations, and other services. (2500 members)

IN : Teton is a city in Fremont County, Idaho, United States.
OUT: Teton is a city in Idaho's Fremont County, USA.

IN : The main industries in and around Exira are agriculture and agribusiness. Exira has an elementary school, built in 1913, and a high school, completed in 1959.
OUT: The town is known for agriculture and agribusiness industries. Exira has an elementary school (established in 1913) and a high school (completed in 1959). It was named after its founder's daughter, Ex

IN : The name Brig is derived from Briva, or "bridge."
OUT: The name Brig is derived from Briva, meaning 'bridge.'

IN : Mian Channu Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
OUT: Mian Channu Tehsil is a subdivision of Khanewal District in Pakistan's Punjab province.

IN : Also see: Templates to decode the various parameter "y" unit-codes, as listed in the special directory-index page: Special: PrefixIndex\/Template: Convert\/fout.
OUT: See templates for decoding "y" unit-codes in the special directory-index page: Special: PrefixIndex/Template: Convert/fout.

IN : He is renowned for his work in mathematical physics, in particular his contributions to general relativity and cosmology.
OUT: He's known for his work in mathematical physics, specifically general relativity and cosmology.

IN : The book focuses mostly on his life since the 1987 publication of his first autobiography, Metamorphosis: Stages in a Life.
OUT: 2. He published his first autobiography, Metamorphosis, in 1987.

IN : Autremencourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Autremencourt is a commune in northern France, in the department of Aisne (Picardy).

IN : The population of Zhob district is estimated to be over 500,000 in 2005.
OUT: The population of Zhob district was estimated to be over 500,000 in 2005.

IN : It took 20 days for new trees and vegetation to grow following the storms passing.
OUT: The new trees and vegetation grew in 20 days after the storms passed.

IN : He netted 11 goals in total for the club in 46 appearances.
OUT: He scored 11 goals in 46 games for the club.

IN : This is a diverse group including organisms such as coccidia, gregarines, piroplasms, hemogregarines, and plasmodia.
OUT: The group includes coccidia, gregarines, piroplasms, hemogregarines, and plasmodia.

IN : This article is about the county in Wales. For other uses, see Kingdom of Powys and Powys (surname) .
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: This article is about the county in Wales. For other uses, see Kingdom of Powys and Powys (surname) . Powys ( Welsh: [pows] ( listen ) ; English: /pos/ POI-iss; Latin: Povisa or Powysia) is a historic county and administrative area in Wales. It is the largest county by area in Wales and the third largest in the United Kingdom. The county town is Llanfyllin. The county is named after the ancient Welsh kingdom of Powys, which existed from the 5th to the 13th century. The name Pow

IN : The station, and all trains serving it, is operated by National Express East Anglia.
OUT: National Express East Anglia operates the station and its trains.

IN : Many Italian Futurists supported Fascism in the hope of modernizing a country divided between the industrialising north and the rural, archaic South.
OUT: Italian Futurists, hoping to modernize Italy, supported Fascism.

IN : Windows Defender, formerly known as Microsoft AntiSpyware, is a software product from Microsoft to prevent, remove, and quarantine spyware in Microsoft Windows.
OUT: Microsoft Defends Windows with this software.

IN : Robin van Persie (; born 6 August 1983) is a Dutch footballer.
OUT: Robin van Persie is a Dutch footballer.

IN : In 1963 the "smiley face" , a yellow button with two black dots representing eyes and an upturned thick curve representing a mouth, was created by freelance artist Harvey Ball.
OUT: The "smiley face" was created by Harvey Ball in 1963.

IN : In November 2009, she joined Nicole The Entertainer's Introduction to Veterinary Science.
OUT: In November 2009, she attended Nicole The Entertainer's veterinary science course.

IN : White supremacy was also dominant in South Africa under apartheid and in parts of Europe at various time periods.
OUT: White supremacy influenced South Africa during apartheid and parts of Europe at certain times.

IN : Contescourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Contescourt is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department of Picardy.

IN : They derive from African traditional religions, especially of West and Central Africa, showing similarities to the Yoruba religion in particular.
OUT: This religion is rooted in African traditions, with notable similarities to Yoruba faith.

IN : They are facultatively aerobic, but do not produce oxygen in the process of producing energy from light, or phototrophy.
OUT: These organisms can use oxygen for energy production, but they don't produce oxygen during the process of creating energy from light.

IN : Bahrain fought off fierce competition from elsewhere in the region to stage the race, with Egypt, Lebanon and the United Arab Emirates all hoping for the prestige of hosting a Formula One Grand Prix.
OUT: Bahrain won the bid to host a Formula One Grand Prix despite strong competition from Egypt, Lebanon, and the United Arab Emirates.

IN : The Swiss Federal Office for Statistics generates code numbers with up to four digits, which are sequentially assigned in accordance with the official order of the cantons, districts, and municipalities.
OUT: The Swiss Federal Office for Statistics assigns code numbers, up to four digits long, in a sequential order based on cantons, districts, and municipalities.

IN : Wagoner County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
OUT: Wagoner County is in Oklahoma, United States.

IN : Three years later, in South Africa during the Second Boer War, Baden-Powell was besieged in the small town of Mafeking by a much larger Boer army (the Siege of Mafeking) .
OUT: The Siege of Mafeking occurred during the Second Boer War in South Africa, three years after the event. Baden-Powell was the besieged commander.

IN : In 1998, he was ranked number 76 on The Hockey News list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players.
OUT: In 1998, he was ranked 76th on The Hockey News list of great hockey players.

IN : Maldonado secured a full-time drive in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series with Draco Racing in 2006.
OUT: Maldonado got a full-time position in Formula Renault 3.5 Series with Draco Racing in 2006.

IN : Tamamo-no-Mae's legend forms the basis of both the noh drama Sessho-seki ("The Killing Stone") and the kabuki play Tamamo-no-Mae (or The Beautiful Fox Witch) .
OUT: The legend of Tamamo-no-Mae forms the basis for both the noh drama "Sessho-seki" and the kabuki play "Tamamo-no-Mae" (or "The Beautiful Fox Witch").

IN : The New York Times wrote that Cuba had "probably suffered the greatest material disaster in all its history" .
OUT: The New York Times reported a major material disaster in Cuba's history.

IN : Alfred Harmsworth sold the newspaper to his brother Harold Harmsworth (from 1914 Lord Rothermere) in 1913.
OUT: Alfred Harmsworth sold the newspaper to his brother Harold Harmsworth in 1913. (This sentence is already simplified.)

IN : Ten years after leaving office, in January 1983, Agnew paid the state of Maryland nearly $ 270,000 as a result of a civil suit that stemmed from the bribery allegations.
OUT: Agnew paid Maryland $270,000 in a civil suit related to bribery allegations, ten years after leaving office (January 1983).

IN : It defeated Ash's Staravia and Chimchar, but was knocked out along with Ash's Buizel, resulting in a tie.
OUT: Ash's Staravia and Chimchar were defeated by it, but both it and Ash's Buizel were knocked out, resulting in a tie.

IN : Others, such as wallabies and kangaroos (macropods, 8 species) , are active in the cooler parts of the day and are easier to see.
OUT: Wallabies and kangaroos (macropods) are more active during cooler parts of the day and easier to spot.

IN : The flavor company may also employ application specialists who work to ensure the flavor will work in the application for which it is intended. This may require special flavor delivery technologies that are used to protect the flavor during processing or cooking so that the flavor is only released when eaten by the end consumer.
OUT: Application specialists at a flavor company ensure the flavor works in intended applications, using specialized delivery technologies to protect and release flavors during processing and consumption.

IN : The name literally means up land, a name which is commonly encountered in especially older English literature.
OUT: The name means "up land." This name is found in older English literature.

IN : In 1912, he joined the Quebec Bulldogs, then in the National Hockey Association (NHA) .
OUT: In 1912, he joined the Quebec Bulldogs in the NHA.

IN : This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Portland Trail Blazers.
OUT: "Portland Trail Blazers NBA players" or "NBA players for the Portland Trail Blazers."

IN : Tarvos, or Saturn XXI, is a prograde irregular satellite of Saturn.
OUT: Tarvos, also known as Saturn's Saturn XXI, is an irregular moon that orbits Saturn in a prograde direction.

IN : The Adelaide Football Club (nicknamed The Crows) is an Australian rules football club playing in the Australian Football League, based in Adelaide, South Australia.
OUT: The Adelaide Football Club, based in Adelaide, South Australia, is an Australian rules football club in the Australian Football League. (Nicknamed The Crows)

IN : Brdar kept the documents until 2001, when he transferred them to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, with the help of SFOR and the government of Republika Srpska.
OUT: The documents were transferred to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in 2001, with assistance from SFOR and the government of Republika Srpska.

IN : Examples of biennial plants are parsley, Lunaria, silverbeet, Sweet William, colic weed, and carrot.
OUT: Parsley, Lunaria, silverbeet, Sweet William, colic weed, and carrot are examples of biennial plants.

IN : Mendeleev is thought to be the youngest of either 11, 13, 14 or 17 siblings; the exact number differs among sources.
OUT: Mendeleev is believed to have had between 11 and 17 siblings.

IN : Vulcan also had a temple on the Campus Martius, which was in existence by 214 BC.
OUT: The temple of Vulcan on the Campus Martius existed by 214 BC.

IN : In 1914 he returned to the Reichstag.
OUT: In 1914, he went back to the Reichstag.

IN : Usucha, or thin tea, is prepared with approximately 1.75 grams (amounting to 1.5 heaping chashaku scoop, or about half a teaspoon i.e. level teaspoon) of matcha and approximately 75 ml (2.5 oz) of hot water per serving, which can be whisked to produce froth or not, according to the drinker's preference (or to the traditions of the particular school of tea) .
OUT: Usucha is made with about half a teaspoon of matcha and 2.5 oz of hot water. The fro

IN : Thus, noon is associated with heaven, order and life.
OUT: Noon represents heaven, order, and life.

IN : Page-dependent magic words will affect or return data about the current page, even if the word is added through a transcluded template or included system message.
OUT: Magic words that depend on a page will influence or provide information about the current page, regardless of whether they're added through a template or system message.

IN : The President of Romania is the head of state of Romania.
OUT: The President of Romania is the country's head of state.

IN : Berck, sometimes referred to as Berck-sur-Mer, is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
OUT: Berck is a commune in northern France (Berck-sur-Mer not necessary).

IN : The SI unit of electric potential is the volt (in honor of Alessandro Volta) , which is why electric potential is also known as voltage.
OUT: Electric potential is measured in volts.

IN : It has the best SAT scores of any school in the area.
OUT: The school in the area has the highest SAT scores.

IN : Significant and benevolent or charitable impact on the art and industry of animation.
OUT: A significant impact on the art and industry of animation.

IN : Cardiac muscle is similar to skeletal muscle in both composition and action, being made up of myofibrils of sarcomeres, but anatomically different in that the muscle fibers are typically branched like a tree and connect to other cardiac muscle fibers through intercalcated discs, and form the appearance of a syncytium.
OUT: Cardiac muscle and skeletal muscle share similar compositions and functions, consisting of myofibrils and sarcomeres. However, cardiac muscle fibers are anatomically distinct, with branched structures and interconnections through intercalcated discs, creating a syncytium

IN : From September 4, 1995, the Mall became a venue for live television for the first time.
OUT: The Mall held its first live television event on September 4, 1995.

IN : The railway continued to be an important employer in the Town until its abandonment in 1988, although its economic significance declined gradually throughout the twentieth century.
OUT: The railway remained an essential employer in the Town until its abandonment in 1988, but its economic importance waned throughout the twentieth century.

IN : In 1963, author Gore Vidal wrote a piece on the Tarzan series that, while pointing out several of the deficiencies that the Tarzan books have as works of literature, praises Edgar Rice Burroughs for creating a compelling "daydream figure" .
OUT: In 1963, Gore Vidal praised Edgar Rice Burroughs for creating a captivating "daydream figure" through the Tarzan books, despite their literary flaws.

IN : Featuring lyrics written by frontman Chris Cornell and music written by guitarist Kim Thayil, "Hunted Down" was released in June 1987 as the band's first single.
OUT: "Hunted Down," the first single by Soundgarden, was released in June 1987 with lyrics by Chris Cornell and music by Kim Thayil.

IN : The European powers had control of other parts of Asia by the 1900s, such as British India, French Indochina and Portuguese Macau and Goa.
OUT: European powers controlled parts of Asia by the 1900s, including British India, French Indochina, Portuguese Macau and Goa.

IN : Bash at the Beach was a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW) .
OUT: Bash at the Beach was an annual professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WCW.

IN : It can be seen at St Stephen's Vienna, Sainte Chapelle in Paris, at the Cathedrals of Limoges and Rouen in France, and at Milan Cathedral in Italy.
OUT: The sentence can be seen at St. Stephen's in Vienna, Sainte-Chapelle in Paris, the Cathedrals of Limoges and Rouen in France, and Milan Cathedral in Italy.

IN : Eventually Arbaete was dropped and it has been called Asmara, though there is still a zone called Arbaete Asmara.
OUT: Asmara was renamed from Arbaete.

IN : According to the organization Human Rights in China, Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp.
OUT: Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp, according to Human Rights in China.

IN : Today, Tulip festivals are held around the world, including in The Netherlands, Spalding, England. Every spring, there are several tulip festivals in North America, including the Tulip Time Festival in Holland, Michigan, the Skagit Valley Tulip Festival in Skagit Valley, Washington, the Tulip Time Festival in Orange City and Pella, Iowa, and the Canadian Tulip Festival in Ottawa, Canada.
OUT: Tulip festivals take place annually in various countries, including The Netherlands, North America (Michigan, Washington, Iowa, and Ottawa).

IN : Anne was born on 12 December 1574 at the castle of Skanderborg, on the Jutland Peninsula in the Kingdom of Denmark.
OUT: Anne was born on December 12, 1574, at Skanderborg Castle in Denmark.

IN : Today, 14 undergraduates from the Choir of King's College, Cambridge, sing the men's parts.
OUT: A group of 14 undergraduates from King's College, Cambridge, sing the men's parts in the choir.

IN : A new center of circulation began forming later on July 4, over the Gulf of Mexico, to the north of the original center.
OUT: A new circulation center formed in the Gulf of Mexico north of the original one on July 4.

IN : This can stand alone, though newcomers to the series will race back to the first two volumes and eagerly await a fourth installment. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: This can stand alone, though newcomers to the series will race back to the first two volumes and eagerly await a fourth installment. ''This can stand alone'' means the current book can be read without having read the previous ones. So the simplified sentence is: The current book can be read on its own.

IN : They had one daughter, Pascale, born in 1932.
OUT: Pascale, born in 1932, is their daughter.

IN : Alexander invited all the chieftains of the former satrapy of Gandhara to come to him and submit to his authority.
OUT: Alexander summoned the chieftains of Gandhara to submit to his rule.

IN : Ballmer joined Microsoft on June 11, 1980, and became Microsoft's 30th employee, the first business manager hired by Gates. Ballmer loved working at Microsoft.
OUT: Ballmer joined Microsoft in 1980 as its first business manager and contributed significantly to its early success.

IN : However, many cryptanalysts believe that once implementation considerations are taken into account the XSL attack would be more expensive than a brute force attack.
OUT: Cryptanalysts believe XSL attacks are more costly than brute force attacks after considering implementation costs.

IN : She later explained that `` what hurt at Binghamton was that while I was trying to stand up for us being treated the same as men, the other girls held the tournament draw without me.
OUT: She later explained that she was excluded from the tournament draw while advocating for gender equality.

IN : When a muscle atrophies, this leads to muscle weakness, since the ability to exert force is related to mass. .
OUT: The muscle weakness occurs when a muscle atrophies due to the loss of mass, which reduces its ability to exert force.

IN : In early August, Morphy wrote asking Staunton when the match could occur, and Staunton asked again for a delay of some weeks.
OUT: In early August, Morphy asked for the match date, and Staunton requested a delay.

IN : The order is subdivided in three families: the Psittacidae (` true' parrots) , the Cacatuidae (cockatoos) and the Strigopidae (New Zealand parrots) .
OUT: The three families are: Psittacidae (parrots), Cacatuidae (cockatoos), and Strigopidae (New Zealand parrots).

IN : His mother thought it would be better for him if he played as a goalkeeper, since he would not sweat and the possibility of him getting injured was less likely.
OUT: A: She suggested he become a goalkeeper, as it offered less sweating and injury risk.

IN : Grand Canyon West Airport is...
OUT: Grand Canyon West Airport is the closest airport to the Skywalk, located in the western part of the Grand Canyon.

IN : Wachtebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
OUT: Wachtebeke is a Belgian municipality in East Flanders.

IN : The gossip was fueled by ardent, yet by all accounts innocent, letters written to Rasputin by the Tsarina and the four grand duchesses which were released by Rasputin and which circulated throughout society.
OUT: The letters written to Rasputin by the Tsarina and the grand duchesses were circulated in society.

IN : A test tunnel from Tottenham to Manor House under Seven Sisters Road had been constructed in 1959 and this was later integrated into the running tunnels.
OUT: A tunnel connecting Tottenham and Manor House under Seven Sisters Road was built in 1959 and became part of the operational tunnels later.

IN : Today the town has many groups coming to enjoy the simple peace of St. Francis.
OUT: A: Many groups come to enjoy the peace of St. Francis in the town today.

IN : In their two seasons, Seattle has sold out every league match, set MLS records for average attendance, and led the league in season ticket sales.
OUT: Seattle has sold out every league match and set MLS records for average attendance and season ticket sales in their two seasons.

IN : The Gentleman's Magazine was launched in 1731 and soon became the most influential and most imitated periodical of its time.
OUT: The Gentleman's Magazine was launched in 1731 and became the most influential and imitated periodical of its time.

IN : Digital signatures can also provide non-repudiation, meaning that the signer can not successfully claim they did not sign a message, while also claiming their private key remains secret; further, some non-repudiation schemes offer a time stamp for the digital signature, so that even if the private key is exposed, the signature is valid nonetheless.
OUT: Digital signatures ensure the signer's non-repudiation and, in some cases, include a time stamp for added security.

IN : Recorded and released in 1971, the album tended toward songs that were gentler, more commercial and less avant-garde than those on his critically acclaimed previous album, John Lennon\/Plastic Ono Band.
OUT: The album was released in 1971 and featured gentler, more commercial songs compared to his previous critically acclaimed album, John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band.

IN : Marshfield Dreams: When I Was a Kid is a memoir written by the American writer, poet and educational consultant Ralph Fletcher, it covers his life from birth to age thirteen when his family moved from Marshfield, Massachusetts to Chicago.
OUT: The memoir, written by Ralph Fletcher, is called Marshfield Dreams: It describes his life in Marshfield, Massachusetts up to age thirteen.

IN : Hideki Nagai (born 26 January 1971) is a Japanese football player.
OUT: Hidei Nagai is a Japanese footballer, born on January 26, 1971.

IN : Beaupuy is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in south-western France.
OUT: Beaupuy is a commune in Haute-Garonne, France.

IN : The song is the opening track on The Beatles' September 1969 album Abbey Road.
OUT: The song is the first track on Abbey Road by The Beatles (September 1969).

IN : He was the General Secretary of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) from 1974 to 1997.
OUT: The General Secretary of PSOE from 1974 to 1997 was he.

IN : Numerous fragments of his thirty-seven volume treatise On Nature have been found among the charred papyrus fragments at the Villa of the Papyri at Herculaneum.
OUT: Fragments of his thirty-seven-volume treatise On Nature have been found at Herculaneum.

IN : Bands located 80 k to 150 k from a cyclone's center migrate outward.
OUT: Bands 80 to 150 kilometers from a cyclone move outward.

IN : East Pakistan suffered a genocide of its Bengali population.
OUT: East Pakistan experienced a genocide of its Bengali people.

IN : Over one hundred letters addressed to Cassandra from Jane have survived.
OUT: One hundred or more letters from Jane to Cassandra have survived.

IN : Space Invaders, Space Invaders Part II and Return of the Invaders are included in Taito Legends, a compilation of Taito's classic arcade games released in 2005 on the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and PC.
OUT: Taito Legends includes Space Invaders, Space Invaders Part II, and Return of the Invaders.

IN : Moving a distracting tag-box can vastly improve the readability for readers, who might otherwise become alarmed and distracted by a 2-year-old gripe box someone threw on the page, unopposed, years ago, giving the impression that the tag-box must be read to avoid critically dangerous information in an article.
OUT: A moving a tag-box can significantly enhance reading experience by removing potential distractions for readers.

IN : John Hagee is the chief executive officer (CEO) of his non-profit corporation, Global Evangelism Television (GETV) .
OUT: John Hagee is the CEO of Global Evangelism Television (GETV) .

IN : The game also features co-operative play (co-op) which allows players to complete the story based single player mode together.
OUT: Co-op lets players complete the story together in the single-player mode.

IN : Edward was created Prince of Wales in June 1471, following Edward IV's restoration to the throne, and in 1473 was established at Ludlow Castle on the Welsh Marches as nominal president of a newly-created Council of Wales and the Marches.
OUT: Edward became Prince of Wales in 1471 after Edward IV's restoration. In 1473, he was based at Ludlow Castle to oversee a new Council of Wales and the Marches.

IN : The Captain is forced to convene an immediate court-martial, and the officers find Billy guilty and sentence him to hang.
OUT: The Captain convenes a court-martial and sentences Billy to hang.

IN : By 2005, some experts maintained that the dangers of ActiveX have been overstated and there were safeguards in place.
OUT: Some experts believed that ActiveX's risks were exaggerated by 2005, with safeguards in place.

IN : PDF is most commonly used to refer to a type of Portable Document Format in computing.
OUT: PDF refers to a type of Portable Document Format in computing.

IN : An old man, George Bernard Shaw, was swimming naked holding onto a buoy.
OUT: A naked old man, George Bernard Shaw, floated using a buoy.

IN : The county administration is in Oslo, which is not part of the county per se.
OUT: The county administration is located in Oslo, but Oslo is not part of the county itself.

IN : Yoghurt, yogurt or yogourt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
OUT: Yogurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk with bacteria.

IN : Lele soon falls in love with Alice and at the end of the season 2 Lele and Alice get married.
OUT: Lele falls in love with Alice and they get married at the end of season 2.

IN : Albatrosses lay a single subelliptical egg, white with reddish brown spots, in a breeding season; if the egg is lost to predators or accidentally broken, then no further breeding attempts are made that year.
OUT: Albatrosses lay one subelliptical egg, white with reddish brown spots, during the breeding season. If it's lost or broken, they don't breed again that year.

IN : It has also "been found to improve the yield from grapevines if planted along the rows, particularly if the terrain is rocky or sandy, and the soil is not as easy to work as it might be."
OUT: Planting grapevines along rows, especially in rocky or sandy terrain with difficult soil, has been shown to increase yield.

IN : Its diet consists primarily of seeds, other plant material and invertebrates.
OUT: The diet consists of seeds, plant material, and invertebrates.

IN : Harnett County is a member of the regional Mid-Carolina Council of Governments.
OUT: Harnett County is part of the Mid-Carolina Council of Governments.

IN : Later that day, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Darby, and was upgraded to a hurricane on July 28.
OUT: Tropical Storm Darby was upgraded to a hurricane on July 28.

IN : Of note in this season is an unusual spree of very intense storms.
OUT: This season has seen an unusual number of intense storms.

IN : Bermicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Bermicourt is a commune in Pas-de-Calais, France. (In the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region)

IN : Its first members included Joseph Conrad, Elizabeth Craig, George Bernard Shaw, and H.G. Wells.
OUT: Founded by Joseph Conrad, Elizabeth Craig, George Bernard Shaw, and H.G. Wells.

IN : Twenty-three tornadoes were reported in association with Alicia. Fourteen of those were located in the Galveston and Hobby Airport area.
OUT: Twenty-three tornadoes were reported in the Galveston and Hobby Airport area during Alicia.

IN : Approximately one-fifth of Pakistan's total land area was underwater, approximately 796,095 k. According to Pakistani government data the floods directly affected about 20 million people, mostly by destruction of property, livelihood and infrastructure, with a death toll of close to 2,000.
OUT: About one-fifth of Pakistan was underwater, affecting around 20 million people and causing nearly 2,000 deaths.

IN : `` If we succeed in establishing the text of (the archetype) , the constitutio (reconstruction of the original) is considerably advanced.
OUT: If we establish the text of the archetype, the reconstruction is significantly advanced.

IN : Characters are sometimes added to emoticons to convey a anime or manga-styled sweat drop, for example: ^ _ ^ ' or!)
OUT: Emoticons can include characters to represent anime or manga-style sweat drops. For example: ^ _ ^ or!) ( '; ').

IN : Werdau is a town in Germany, part of the Landkreis Zwickau in the administrative region of Chemnitz, the Free State of Saxony.
OUT: Werdau is a town in Saxony, Germany (part of Landkreis Zwickau, administrative region of Chemnitz).

IN : There has been a recent growth in online publications and blogs.
OUT: Online publications and blogs have grown in number recently.

IN : Rather, a good S-box will have the property that changing one input bit will change about half of the output bits (or an avalanche effect) .
OUT: A good S-box will cause about half of its output bits to change when one input bit is flipped (avalanche effect).

IN : Silicon Valley is also home to the high-tech superstore retail chain Fry's Electronics.
OUT: Fry's Electronics is based in Silicon Valley.

IN : Service routes were now Hackney to Wandsworth or Tooting, Leyton to Westminster, Highbury to Waterloo or Norbury and Archway to Kennington.
OUT: Service routes were now Hackney to Wandsworth or Tooting, Leyton to Westminster, Highbury to Waterloo, Norbury to Archway, or Kennington.

IN : Maturation may occur in the mollusc or vertebrate host.
OUT: Maturation can happen in a mollusk or vertebrate.

IN : The Western United States, commonly referred to as the American West or simply "the West," traditionally refers to the region comprising the westernmost states of the United States.
OUT: The Western United States is commonly known as the American West or simply 'the West.' It includes the westernmost states of the U.S.

IN : May I suggest the beginning of a solution?
OUT: I suggest a solution's start.

IN : In 1970, a system with four lines was laid out and planned as part of the British consultants' new report, Hong Kong Mass Transit: Further Studies.
OUT: In 1970, a four-line system was planned as part of a new report by British consultants on Hong Kong Mass Transit.

IN : The band's lineup was completed when Will Champion joined to take up percussion duties.
OUT: Will Champion joined the band and became its percussionist.

IN : Lee Min-Sung (born 23 June 1973) is a former South Korean football player and coach who currently works for Yongin City FC.
OUT: Lee Min-Sung, born in 1973, is a former South Korean football player and current coach for Yongin City FC.

IN : In earlier episodes, Yeardley Smith did many of Maggie's squeaks, cries, laughs and occasional speaking parts, although in the later seasons her parts are done by Nancy Cartwright.
OUT: In earlier seasons, Yeardley Smith voiced Maggie's squeaks, cries, laughs, and occasional speaking parts. In later seasons, Nancy Cartwright took over the role.

IN : On the door was transcribed the secret formula for producing gold discovery in those years in alchemical laboratory of queen Christina.
OUT: A secret formula for producing gold was written on the door of an alchemical lab during Queen Christina's reign.

IN : Perdita's discovery was complicated.
OUT: The discovery of Perdita was complex.

IN : Structural engineering has existed since humans first started to construct their own structures.
OUT: Structural engineering dates back to ancient times.

IN : With only one official tropical cyclone, the 1914 season was the least active Atlantic hurricane season on record.
OUT: The 1914 Atlantic hurricane season had the fewest tropical cyclones on record.

IN : FitzGerald hoped that he would take over as Minister for Finance, particularly after a good performance in a pre-election debate with the actual Minister for Finance, George Colley.
OUT: FitzGerald wanted to become Finance Minister after a strong debate performance against Colley.

IN : Roux's investigations were performed mainly on frogs' eggs to research the earliest structures in amphibian development.
OUT: The main focus of Roux's investigations was on frogs' eggs to study the earliest structures in amphibian development.

IN : Courbet was allowed to pay the fine in yearly installments of 10,000 francs for the next 33 years, until his 91st birthday.
OUT: Courbet paid the fine in installments of 10,000 francs per year for 33 years.

IN : This name is used to distinguish it from Rostov on Don, which is now a much larger city.
OUT: The name sets it apart from Rostov on Don, which is larger now.

IN : In the late 20th and early 21st century, many objects similar to Pluto were discovered in the outer Solar System, notably the scattered disc object Eris in 2005, which is 27 % more massive than Pluto.
OUT: During the late 20th and early 21st centuries, several Pluto-like objects were identified in the outer Solar System. One of these, Eris, was discovered in 2005 and is approximately 27% more massive than Pluto.

IN : After the Slovaks issued their Declaration of Independence, he resigned as president on 20 July, saying he would not preside over the country's breakup.
OUT: After Slovakia declared its independence, the president resigned on July 20.

IN : London City Airport DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway which serves the London City Airport. It opened on 2 December 2005.
OUT: London City Airport DLR station serves the London City Airport on the Docklands Light Railway and opened on 2 December 2005.

IN : The purpose of the conference was to inform administrative leaders of Departments responsible for various policies relating to Jews, that Reinhard Heydrich had been appointed as the chief executor of the "Final solution to the Jewish question" .
OUT: The conference informed administrative leaders about Reinhard Heydrich's appointment as the chief executor of the "Final Solution to the Jewish question".

IN : This 8 bar section was later used by Schubert as theme for a set of variations forming the second movement of the Wanderer Fantasy.
OUT: The 8-bar section became the theme for Schubert's variations in the Wanderer Fantasy's second movement.

IN : This template makes the font smaller.
OUT: The font in this template is made smaller.

IN : Didius Julianus however offered 25,000 to each soldier to win the auction and was proclaimed Emperor by the Roman Senate on 28 March.
OUT: How about this: Didius Julianus paid 25,000 to each soldier to secure the imperial position on March 28.

IN : He was selected by the Blackhawks with the third overall pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: He was selected by the Blackhawks with the third overall pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. The simplified sentence is: The Blackhawks drafted him third overall in 2006.

IN : The key schedule, however, is more complex, expanding the key using an essentially one-way function with the binary expansions of both e and the golden ratio as sources of "nothing up my sleeve numbers" .
OUT: The key schedule is more complex, using one-way functions with e and the golden ratio for generating "nothing up my sleeve numbers" .

IN : She joined the Heritage Society at Oxford University and sang with a group called Mistral.
OUT: She sang in a group called Mistral at Oxford University.

IN : On 1 October 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the Grameen Bank (Village Bank) to make loans to poor Bangladeshis.
OUT: The Grameen Bank began operations on 1 October 1983, lending to poor Bangladeshis.

IN : The Blue Camp, a pun on Barcelona's Nou Camp, found little favor.
OUT: The Blue Camp displeased many.

IN : In the first Immunity Challenge, the younger Ulong struggled as Jolanda insisted to take everything in the supply dump, leaving the elderly Koror (who only took the flint) with the lead and eventually win the challenge.
OUT: The younger Ulong members faced challenges in the first Immunity Challenge due to Jolanda's insistence on taking everything from the supply dump. The elderly Koror members, who only took the flint, took the lead and ultimately won the challenge.

IN : In Wales, the counties of Merioneth and Glamorgan are occasionally referred to with the "shire" suffix.
OUT: The counties Merioneth and Glamorgan in Wales are sometimes called "shire" counties.

IN : Skype is a secure communication; encryption can not be disabled, and is invisible to the user. Skype reportedly uses non-proprietary, widely trusted encryption techniques: RSA for key negotiation and the Advanced Encryption Standard to encrypt conversations.
OUT: Skype uses secure, non-disabling encryption for communication.

IN : If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing.
OUT: You will be blocked from editing.

IN : They tended to sympathies with Union during the civil war.
OUT: They sympathized with the Union during the civil war.

IN : It suggests that consciousness can be considered separately from the brain, which provides a basis for claims of reincarnation.
OUT: Consciousness may exist independently from the brain, supporting beliefs in reincarnation.

IN : At the time the structure was named the Albany Bridge.
OUT: The Albany Bridge was named so at the time of its structure.

IN : Timberlake made a cameo in the video for Nelly Furtado and Timbaland's single "Promiscuous" , released on May 3, 2006.
OUT: Timberlake appeared in Nelly Furtado and Timbaland's "Promiscuous" music video, released in 2006.

IN : Las Vegas was established as a railroad town on May 15, 1905, when 110 acres (44.5 ha) owned by the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad, was auctioned off in what is now downtown Las Vegas.
OUT: Las Vegas was founded in 1905 as a railroad town during an auction of the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad's 110-acre land in its current downtown area.

IN : The Chinese later occupied Outer Mongolia and Tuva and sent a battalion to the North Russian Campaign as part of their anti-Bolshevik efforts.
OUT: The Chinese took control of Outer Mongolia and Tuva and sent troops to the North Russian Campaign against the Bolsheviks.

IN : Villette-sur-Ain is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
OUT: The commune Villette-sur-Ain is in the Ain department, eastern France.

IN : The Oklahoma Technology and Research Park, a joint initiative of the City of Stillwater, Meridian Technology Center and Oklahoma State University, is located in Stillwater.
OUT: The Oklahoma Technology and Research Park is located in Stillwater, a collaboration between the City of Stillwater, Meridian Technology Center, and Oklahoma State University.

IN : The few sources that provide insight into this period often conflict.
OUT: Some sources disagree about this period.

IN : If a subcategory is selected and templates are being grouped into, the subcategory is ignored as only supports the standard template.
OUT: If a subcategory is selected but templates are being grouped, the subcategory is ignored.

IN : However, the former Prime Minister goes to his office three days a week.
OUT: The former Prime Minister visits his office three times a week.

IN : Castorimorpha is the suborder of rodents containing the beavers, the pocket gophers, and the kangaroo rats and mice.
OUT: The suborder Castorimorpha includes beavers, pocket gophers, kangaroo rats, and mice.

IN : Friedrich Ebert (4 February 1871 - 28 February 1925) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) .
OUT: Friedrich Ebert was a German politician (1871-1925) and served as Germany's President from 1919 to 1925. (SPD member)

IN : A few laugh and taunt him.
OUT: Some people laugh and taunt him.

IN : Soldotna is located on the banks of the Kenai River on the Kenai Peninsula of Alaska. It is named after nearby Soldotna Creek.
OUT: Soldotna is a city in Alaska, situated on the Kenai River and named after Soldotna Creek.

IN : In early 1506, he returned to Venice and stayed there until the spring of 1507.
OUT: He was in Venice from early 1506 to the spring of 1507.

IN : To request review of this BRFA, please start a new section at.
OUT: To ask for a review of this BRFA, begin a new section.

IN : Biden was also a long-time member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations.
OUT: Biden was a member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations.

IN : Queen Sophie was a loving mother, nursing her children personally during their illnesses.
OUT: Queen Sophie cared for her children when they were ill.

IN : No progress has been observed in the POP4 specification since 2003.
OUT: No progress has been made on the POP4 specification since 2003.

IN : Ekimyan was also a General of Soviet militsia (police) and was the head of Criminal Investigation Department of Moscow region.
OUT: Ekimyan was the head of Moscow region's Criminal Investigation Department and was also a Soviet militsia (police) General.

IN : Serial numbers are often used in network protocols.
OUT: Serial numbers are commonly used in network protocols.

IN : Ltd. , these comprised six different types, all the same size, being 39 f long, 6 f wide, (7 f over steps) and 8 f high -- large by narrow gauge standards -- and certainly superior to any previous British narrow gauge stock.
OUT: The six types of 39 foot long, 6 foot wide, and 8 foot high rolling stock, all of the same size, were larger than previous British narrow gauge stock by narrow gauge standards.

IN : Australian spelling generally follows conventions of British English.
OUT: Australian spelling is similar to British English.

IN : Sometimes, they were reduced to echoing a form from the great sculptures: thus one finds numerous copies in miniature of the Tyche (good luck) of Antioch, of which the original dates to the beginning of the 3rd century BC.
OUT: The Tyche of Antioch, an ancient Greek sculpture from the 3rd century BC, is frequently copied in miniature form.

IN : Compared with red miso, white miso has a very short brewing time.
OUT: White miso has a shorter brewing time than red miso.

IN : In 1944, he was also commissioned by Yehudi Menuhin to write a Sonata for Solo Violin.
OUT: In 1944, Yehudi Menuhin commissioned a Solo Violin Sonata from him.

IN : It takes its name from the street it was built on which, in itself, had a remarkable history.
OUT: The name of the building comes from the historic street on which it stands.

IN : These cause a twisting motion which allows the spirochaete to move about.
OUT: The spirochaete moves by twisting.

IN : Their sound draws on several musical genres, including pop, alternative rock, indie rock, and folk.
OUT: Their sound incorporates pop, alternative rock, indie rock, and folk genres.

IN : When Lady Byng died in 1949 the NHL presented another trophy and changed the official name to the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy.
OUT: The NHL renamed the Lady Byng Trophy in 1949 after Lady Byng's death.

IN : Brands, Inc. , it specializes in Mexican-style food.
OUT: Brands, Inc. specializes in Mexican-style food.

IN : There were further plans for expansion which would have taken the stadium's capacity to 45,000, but these were put on hold following City's relegation from the Premier League in 1996.
OUT: The stadium's capacity could have increased to 45,000 with expansion plans, but these were delayed after City's relegation from the Premier League in 1996.

IN : Xena: Warrior Princess is an American supernatural fantasy adventure series that aired in syndication from September 4, 1995 until June 18, 2001.
OUT: Xena: Warrior Princess is a syndicated American series (1995-2001) about a warrior, Xena, and her sidekick Gabrielle, fighting evil and seeking redem

IN : He and William Dawes were instructed by Dr. Joseph Warren to ride from Boston to Lexington to warn John Hancock and Samuel Adams of the movements of the British Army, which was beginning a march from Boston to Lexington, ostensibly to arrest Hancock and Adams and seize the weapons stores in Concord.
OUT: Dr. Joseph Warren sent He and William Dawes to warn Hancock and Adams in Lexington about the British Army's march to arrest them and seize Concord's weapons stores.

IN : In the Action Set configuration of the NES in the late 1980s, Duck Hunt was included with Super Mario Bros. .
OUT: In the late 1980s, NES included Duck Hunt with Super Mario Bros. in its Action Set configuration.

IN : Upon the death of a Knight, the banner, helm, mantling and crest are taken down.
OUT: A knight's banner, helm, mantling, and crest are removed upon his death.

IN : A small airport (Bondangora Airport) for private planes exists twelve kilometres east of Wellington.
OUT: A twelve-kilometer-east private airport (Bondangora Airport) exists in Wellington.

IN : It was first printed in 1712 in the Georgian capital Tbilisi.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It was first printed in 1712 in the Georgian capital Tbilisi. The sentence is already simplified. However, if you want to make it even simpler, you could say: The first printing of this occurred in Tbilisi in 1712.

IN : Ludwigsstadt is a municipality in the district of Kronach, in Bavaria, Germany.
OUT: Ludwigsstadt is a German town in the Kronach district.

IN : In 1485, by the Leipziger division, the brothers split the Wettin possessions, with Ernest receiving northern Meissen, southern Thuringia, and Wittenberg, and Albert receiving northern Thuringia and southern Meissen.
OUT: The brothers divided the Wettin possessions in 1485. Ernest received northern Meissen, southern Thuringia, and Wittenberg. Albert received northern Thuringia and southern Meissen.

IN : On October 29, Baseball America named Mauer its 2009 Major League Player of the Year.
OUT: Baseball America named Mauer its Major League Player of the Year in 2009.

IN : Karolina Bock was married twice.
OUT: Karolina Bock was married twice.

IN : Neuve-Maison is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Neuve-Maison is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department of Picardy.

IN : The term Fatimite is sometimes used to refer to the citizens of this caliphate.
OUT: The term "Fatimite" refers to the citizens of this caliphate.

IN : An article notes at the release of Internet Explorer 7 in October 2006 that `` IE6 had the lion's share of the browser market with 77.22 % .
OUT: The article states that IE6 had a 77.22% market share when Internet Explorer 7 was released in October 2006.

IN : Since opposite ends of magnets are attracted, the north pole of a magnet is attracted to the south pole of another magnet.
OUT: Opposite magnet poles attract each other.

IN : Hair straightening is a hair styling technique which involves the flattening and straightening of hair in order to give it a smooth, streamlined, and ` sleek' appearance.
OUT: A common way to straighten hair is to use heat tools like flat irons or hot combs. This technique can make hair look smooth and sleek.

IN : The CHED was established on May 18, 1994 through Republic Act No. 7722 or the Higher Education Act of 1994 which was authored by Senator Francisco Tatad.
OUT: The CHED was established by Republic Act No. 7722, passed on May 18, 1994. (Senator Tatad authored the act.)

IN : It is situated on the river Zwickauer Mulde, 14 km southeast of Zwickau.
OUT: The town lies 14 km southeast of Zwickau, on the Zwickauer Mulde river.

IN : The average passing percentage for the HKCEE and HKALE is above 90 % .
OUT: The average passing percentage for both HKCEE and HKALE is over 90%.

IN : Haute-Avesnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Haute-Avesnes is a French commune in the Pas-de-Calais department.

IN : Editors are therefore encouraged to upload their own images, releasing them under the GFDL, CC-BY-SA, or other free licenses.
OUT: Editors can upload their own images, licensed under GFDL, CC-BY-SA, or other free licenses.

IN : The airport owes its prosperity to its location on the Great Circle Route, or major air corridor, between Europe and the East Coast of the United States.
OUT: The airport thrives due to its position on the Great Circle Route, connecting Europe and the US East Coast.

IN : He later won the OVW Heavyweight Championship from "The Machine" Doug Basham before losing the belt to The Prototype (John Cena) .
OUT: The Machine Doug Basham lost the OVW Heavyweight Championship to The Prototype (John Cena), who then won it.

IN : These surveys, collectively referred to as the Kitava Study, found that this population apparently did not suffer from stroke, ischemic heart disease, diabetes, obesity or hypertension.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: These surveys, collectively referred to as the Kitava Study, found that this population apparently did not suffer from stroke, ischemic heart disease, diabetes, obesity or hypertension. The Kitava Study population did not suffer from stroke, ischemic heart disease, diabetes, obesity or hypertension.

IN : However, due to anti-English sentiment during the War of 1812, the name was changed to Huntsville to honor John Hunt, who had been forced to move to other land south of the new city.
OUT: The name was changed to honor John Hunt during the War of 1812.

IN : Masahiro Okamoto is a Japanese football player currently playing for JEF United Ichihara Chiba.
OUT: Masahiro Okamoto is a Japanese football player for JEF United Ichihara Chiba.

IN : The enteric nervous system is sometimes considered part of the autonomic nervous system, and sometimes considered an independent system.
OUT: The enteric nervous system can be seen as part of the autonomic nervous system or as an independent system.

IN : The River Irwell is a 39 m long river which flows through the Irwell Valley in the counties of Lancashire and Greater Manchester in North West England.
OUT: The River Irwell, a 39-meter river, flows through the Irwell Valley in Lancashire and Greater Manchester, North West England.

IN : Channing is best remembered for originating, on Broadway, the musical-comedy roles of bombshell Lorelei Lee in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, and matchmaking widow Dolly Gallagher Levi in Hello, Dolly!
OUT: Channing is best known for originating the roles of Lorelei Lee in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes and Dolly Gallagher Levi in Hello, Dolly! on Broadway.

IN : The continent of Gondwana was named by Austrian scientist, Eduard Suess, after the Gondwana region of central northern India (from Sanskrit gondavana "forest of the Gonds") , from which the Gondwana sedimentary sequences (Permian-Triassic) are also described.
OUT: Gondwana continent was named by Eduard Suess after the region of the same name in central northern India, whose Sanskrit name means 'forest of the Gonds'. Gondwana sedimentary sequences (Permian-Triassic) originate from this region.

IN : Chacrise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: The commune of Chacrise is in the Aisne department, which is in Picardy, a region in northern France.

IN : It can be found in mangrove ecosystems and mudflats of East Africa and Madagascar east through the Sundarbans of Bengal, South East Asia to Northern Australia, southeast China and southern Japan, up to Samoa and Tonga Islands.
OUT: Mangroves and mudflats are found in East Africa, Madagascar, Southeast Asia, Northern Australia, southeast China, southern Japan, Samoa, and Tonga.

IN : Depending on how cold the surrounding environment, a snowball might require much longer to melt, even years longer in permafrost conditions.
OUT: A snowball may take years to melt in permafrost conditions.

IN : For energy-conversion heating devices their peak steady-state thermal efficiency is often stated, e.g. , ` this furnace is 90 % efficient' , but a more detailed measure of seasonal energy effectiveness is the Annual Fuel Utilization Efficiency (AFUE) .
OUT: The Annual Fuel Utilization Efficiency (AFUE) is a more detailed measure of heating devices' energy efficiency than their peak steady-state thermal efficiency.

IN : Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida.
OUT: Clay County is in Florida, USA.

IN : The family was placed in the Rosid clade, but not classified in an order, by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group (APG) .
OUT: The family is in the Rosid clade according to the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group (APG), but it is not classified in an order.

IN : A V10 engine is a V engine with 10 cylinders in two banks of five with a distinct exhaust note.
OUT: A V10 engine is a ten-cylinder V engine, producing a unique exhaust note.

IN : The Kansas City Spurs were a soccer team who played in the North American Soccer League, based in Kansas City, Missouri.
OUT: The Kansas City Spurs were a soccer team in the North American Soccer League, based in Kansas City, Missouri.

IN : Berry is a city in Harrison County, Kentucky, United States.
OUT: Berry is a city in Kentucky.

IN : After taking a belly to back suplex from Saito, Misawa lost consciousness and was taken to a hospital.
OUT: Misawa lost consciousness after a belly-to-back suplex from Saito and was taken to the hospital.

IN : Within "D" Department, Young delivered all the Home Secretary had hoped for, a success that only alienated the hierarchy even further.
OUT: A successful delivery by Young within the D Department, which only deepened the hierarchy's discontent.

IN : \/ \/ one easy way is to flag them with a character which should never be used, \/ \/ but if it is already present we have a problem, so let's just quit.
OUT: One way to handle this is to use a character that is unlikely to appear in the text as a flag. However, if that character is already present in the text, we cannot use it as a flag and must quit instead.

IN : Taylor was a member of the Dawn and Dusk Club, an association of bohemians and intellectuals that included the writer Henry Lawson.
OUT: Taylor was part of the Dawn and Dusk Club, an intellectual group with Henry Lawson among its members.

IN : Other less commonly seen mammals include the mountain lion and wolverine.
OUT: Mountain lions and wolverines are less common mammals.

IN : According to Weidemann, Cornelius described the tune as a "Viennese folk tune" .
OUT: Cornelius described the tune as a Viennese folk tune, according to Weidemann.

IN : The storm made landfall in southwestern Florida at maximum strength, thus making it the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Hurricane Andrew struck Florida twelve years before, in 1992.
OUT: The strongest hurricane to hit the United States in twelve years made landfall in southwestern Florida. (Note: This simplified sentence assumes the reader has some context about the severity of the storm and its historical significance.)

IN : References to pug-like dogs have been documented as early as 551 BCE by Confucius, who described a type of "short mouthed dog" .
OUT: Confucius mentioned short-mouthed dogs, resembling pugs, as early as 551 BCE.

IN : The item it adores collecting the most, however, are coins, since they are both round and shiny.
OUT: The item collects coins the most due to their round and shiny nature.

IN : Four TV broadcast-based manga series exist to date with two new ones coming in the future.
OUT: Four manga series based on TV broadcasts exist now, with two more coming up.

IN : These interactions are often neglected if the spatial overlap of the electron wavefunctions is low.
OUT: If the electron wavefunctions have little spatial overlap, these interactions are often neglected.

IN : Finally, fast local hard disk can also cache information held on even slower data storage devices, such as remote servers (web cache) or local tape drives or optical jukeboxes.
OUT: A fast local hard disk can cache information from slower data storage devices, like remote servers, tape drives, or optical jukeboxes.

IN : The couple separated in 1970.
OUT: They split in 1970.

IN : The decision ended Sompote's bid to continue his enterprise, and the court gave Sompote 30 days to stop profiteering from Ultraman.
OUT: The court ordered Sompote to stop profiteering from Ultraman within 30 days.

IN : His younger sister, Cory, is worried about him because he started acting differently.
OUT: Cory worries about him because of his strange behavior.

IN : Jell-O is a brand name belonging to U.S.-based Kraft Foods for a number of gelatin desserts, including fruit gels, puddings and no-bake cream pies.
OUT: Jell-O is a dessert brand owned by Kraft Foods.

IN : Resilience is the property of a material to absorb energy when it is deformed elastically and then, upon unloading to have this energy recovered.
OUT: Resilience is a material's ability to absorb energy during elastic deformation and then recover that energy upon unloading.

IN : Pioneering scholarly works on the Viking Age began to reach a small readership in Britain.
OUT: A smaller readership in Britain started to receive pioneering scholarly works on the Viking Age.

IN : Blackcurrant (Ribes nigrum) is a species of Ribes berry native to central and northern Europe and northern Asia, and is a perennial.
OUT: Blackcurrant (Ribes nigrum) is a European-Asian perennial berry plant in the Ribes genus.

IN : Although it is now difficult to be certain, the scales, claws, some protective armor and the beaks of dinosaurs were probably composed of keratin.
OUT: The scales, claws, some protective armor, and beaks of dinosaurs were likely made of keratin.

IN : During these one thousand and one nights, the King had fallen in love with Scheherazade, and had three sons with her.
OUT: The King fell in love with Scheherazade and had three sons with her during their one thousand and one nights together.

IN : The Dominican Republic is a country with many mountains, and the highest peaks of the West Indies are found here.
OUT: The Dominican Republic is home to the highest peaks in the West Indies.

IN : In some systems, however, multiple layers of encryption are used, in which case the output of one encryption algorithm becomes plaintext input for the next.
OUT: Multiple layers of encryption use the output of one algorithm as plaintext input for the next.

IN : They become pathological or piles when swollen or inflamed.
OUT: A: Piles form when they are swollen or inflamed.

IN : There was a significant portion of the ANC who therefore turned to violence in order to achieve their goals.
OUT: A significant number of ANC members resorted to violence to achieve their goals.

IN : William A. "Billy" Cundiff (born March 30, 1980 in Valley Center, California) is an American football placekicker for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League.
OUT: Born in California, Billy Cundiff is an NFL placekicker for the Baltimore Ravens.

IN : This directly ascribes ` Perys Ploughman' to one ` Willielmi de Langlond' , son of ` Stacy de Rokayle, who died in Shipton-under-Wichwood, a tenant of the Lord Spenser in the county of Oxfordshire' .
OUT: This assigns ` Perys Ploughman' to `Willielmi de Langlond', son of `Stacy de Rokayle', who was a tenant of the Lord Spenser in Shipton-under-Wichwood, Oxfordshire, and died there.

IN : After the second World War Bad Aibling evolved into a major center for intelligence organizations and secret services.
OUT: After World War II, Bad Aibling became a hub for intelligence organizations and secret services.

IN : The annual World Professional Dancesport Championship is often held in Blackpool (4 times between 1989 and 2005) , but is not connected with the Dance Festival.
OUT: The World Professional Dancesport Championship is held in Blackpool several times, but it's not related to the Dance Festival.

IN : Geneva is home to the University of Geneva, founded by John Calvin in 1559.
OUT: The University of Geneva was founded in Geneva in 1559 by John Calvin.

IN : Slidell is a city situated on the northeast shore of Lake Pontchartrain in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.
OUT: Slidell is a city on Lake Pontchartrain in Louisiana's St. Tammany Parish.

IN : The European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo, EULEX Kosovo, is a deployment of European Union (EU) police and civilian resources to Kosovo.
OUT: EULEX is a EU mission in Kosovo with police and civilian personnel.

IN : On April 13, 2008, James, along with Layla, Melina and Kelly Kelly, appeared in an episode of Celebrity Fit Club Boot Camp.
OUT: In 2008 on April 13th, James and three others (Layla, Melina, and Kelly Kelly) appeared on Celebrity Fit Club Boot Camp.

IN : Masahiko Kimura was a Japanese judoka (Judo practitioner) who is widely considered one of the greatest judoka of all time.
OUT: Masahiko Kimura, a Japanese judo great.

IN : The Kea is one of the few alpine parrots in the world.
OUT: A Kea is an alpine parrot.

IN : The sketch depicted a middle-aged bald man with an arrow on his head.
OUT: A middle-aged bald man had an arrow on his head in the sketch.

IN : I do n't know why it was silver, it just sounded better than Maxwell's hammer.
OUT: I don't know why it was silver. It sounded better than Maxwell's hammer. --> I don't know why it was silver. It was better than Maxwell's hammer.

IN : Jules Jean Baptiste Vincent Bordet (13 June 1870 -- 6 April 1961) was a Belgian immunologist and microbiologist.
OUT: Jules Bordet was a Belgian immunologist and microbiologist (born 13 June 1870, died 6 April 1961).

IN : Musicians such as Stevie Ray Vaughan contributed by using various types of guitar sounds like southern slide guitar and different melodies of blues and jazz.
OUT: Musicians like Stevie Ray Vaughan used southern slide guitar and blues/jazz melodies.

IN : Originally he was a mathematics professor, teaching at the University of Lausanne.
OUT: He was a mathematics professor at the University of Lausanne but later became a renowned physicist at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich after publishing papers on quantum mechanics.

IN : Westminster is an area of central London, within the City of Westminster, England.
OUT: Westminster is a central London area in England.

IN : Inspired by Richmond Palace, he also included a recreation center with a bowling green, tennis courts, a pit for cock fighting (now the site of the Cabinet Office, 70 Whitehall) and a tiltyard for jousting.
OUT: A man built a recreation center with a bowling green, tennis courts, and a tiltyard for jousting, inspired by Richmond Palace. (Now the site of the Cabinet Office, 70 Whitehall, also housed a pit for cock fighting.)

IN : In his paper Observations of two persistent degrees on a thermometer, he recounted his experiments showing that the melting point of ice is essentially unaffected by pressure.
OUT: The melting point of ice remains constant under varying pressures, as reported in his paper "Observations of two persistent degrees on a thermometer."

IN : Specialized also allows more prefixes and suffixes, which has allowed some words to be removed from the core list.
OUT: Specialized lets in more prefixes and suffixes, enabling the elimination of certain words from the core list.

IN : Union and Confederate units fought a battle at Columbus, Georgia before the April 16, 1865 surrender and a small final battle at Palmito Ranch, Texas on May 12, 1865. In areas more distant from the main theaters of operations, Confederate forces in Alabama and Mississippi under Lieutenant General Richard Taylor, in Arkansas under Brigadier General M. Jeff Thompson, in Louisiana and Texas under General E. Kirby Smith and in Indian Territory under Brigadier General Stand Watie surrendered on May 4, 1865, May 12, 1865, May 26, 1865 (officially June 2, 1865) and June 28, 1865, respectively.
OUT: 

IN : (The basset horn also often sounds an octave and a fifth lower.)
OUT: The basset horn typically sounds a lower octave and fifth.

IN : There also seems to have been widespread migration of the Aramaeans - possibly from the South-East.
OUT: A: The Aramaeans likely spread far and wide.

IN : It launched 100 k of ash into the upper atmosphere, which caused 1816 to be the "year without a summer" .
OUT: The year 1816 was known as the "year without a summer" due to the large amount of ash that was launched into the upper atmosphere.

IN : Other technical changes that are important to the entire mediawiki software or changes to article space will always be more important than keeping the userspace top icons working.
OUT: Significant changes to MediaWiki software or articles take priority over maintaining userspace icons.

IN : Hand-drawn, local tattoo flash was largely replaced by professional "flash artists" who produced prints of copyrighted flash and sold them at conventions or through the Internet. By the turn of the new century (2000) , most tattoo studios have become custom shops with the flash serving as more of a reference for ideas.
OUT: By the turn of the new century, most tattoo studios had replaced hand-drawn, local tattoo flash with printed, copyrighted designs sold by professional "flash artists." These studios became custom shops, using the designs as references.

IN : Abstract things are sometimes defined as those things that do not exist in reality or exist only as sensory experiences, like the color red.
OUT: Abstract things don't have a physical existence; they're experienced only through senses, like the color red.

IN : In November 1969 (until 1970) Young was seconded to be the last Inspector-General and the first Chief Constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary.
OUT: Young was the last Inspector-General and first Chief Constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary from November 1969 to 1970.

IN : A Google spokesperson explains, "This is just a test, and a way for us to gauge whether our users will like an even simpler search interface."
OUT: A Google representative says the new search interface is just a test.

IN : He ruled from 1377 until he was deposed in 1399.
OUT: He reigned from 1377 to 1399.

IN : Vaccines do not guarantee complete protection from a disease.
OUT: Vaccines don't provide full protection against a disease.

IN : Thus, in later versions of the story the ram is said to have been the offspring of the sea god Poseidon and Themisto (less often, Nephele or Theophane) .
OUT: The ram is said to be the offspring of Poseidon or one of the sea goddesses.

IN : In eastern Africa, the valley divides into two, the Western Rift Valley and the Eastern Rift Valley.
OUT: The Eastern and Western Rift Valleys are located in eastern Africa.

IN : He was re-elected in 1869 and held the office until March 3, 1875, serving in the 38th, 39th, 40th, 41st, 42nd, and 43rd congresses.
OUT: He served in the 38th through 43rd congresses, from 1869 to 1875.

IN : The tower was constructed by South Korean company, Samsung Engineering & Construction, which also did work on the Petronas Twin Towers and Taipei 101.
OUT: Samsung Engineering & Construction built the tower. They also worked on the Petronas Twin Towers and Taipei 101.

IN : Chamoson is a municipality in the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
OUT: Chamoson is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Valais, located in the district of Conthey.

IN : Balukas was not just talented at pool but was an all-around good athlete.
OUT: Balukas was a skilled athlete, not just in pool.

IN : The founding constituents of Ambrosia were reared in Southern California in the area known as The South Bay, later adopting San Pedro as their hometown.
OUT: The founding members of Ambrosia grew up in Southern California's South Bay region and later made San Pedro their home.

IN : A famous 17th-century painting by Peter Paul Rubens depicts the proxy marriage of Marie de Medici.
OUT: A 17th-century painting by Peter Paul Rubens shows Marie de Medici's proxy marriage.

IN : There are no set methods for ranking institutions in the Philippines. Aside from comparisons in terms of accreditation, autonomy, and centers of excellence awarded by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) , there are attempts to rank schools based on performance in board exams conducted by the Professional Regulation Commission (PRC) .
OUT: accreditation, autonomy, and centers of excellence from CHED,

IN : Under Mac OS X 10.1, a PowerPC G3 processor, 128 MB of RAM, and 25 MB of free space is required.
OUT: A PowerPC G3 processor, 128 MB of RAM, and 25 MB of free space are the minimum requirements for Mac OS X 10.1.

IN : His power is evident from the beginning of the series; specifically, Harry shows immediate command of a broomstick, produces a Patronus at an early age, and survives several confrontations with Voldemort.
OUT: From the start of the series, Harry demonstrates exceptional broom skills, creates a Patronus early on, and survives encounters with Voldemort.

IN : The concept of "art rock" has also sometimes been used to refer to the "progressive rock" bands which became popular in the 1970s. Allmusic states that "Progressive rock and art rock are two almost interchangeable terms describing a mostly British attempt to elevate rock music to new levels of artistic credibility."
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The concept of "art rock" has also sometimes been used to refer to the "progressive rock" bands which became popular in the 1970s. Allmusic states that "Progressive rock and art rock are two almost interchangeable terms describing a mostly British attempt to elevate rock music to new levels of artistic credibility." Therefore, "art rock" and "progressive rock" can be considered synonymous. Thus, the sentence can be simplified to: Art rock and progressive rock are interchangeable terms for the British music movement that aimed to elevate rock to an art form in the 1970s.

IN : Leonardo was a contemporary of Botticelli, Domenico Ghirlandaio and Perugino, who were all slightly older than he was.
OUT: Leonardo was contemporary with Botticelli, Ghirlandaio, and Perugino, who were older than him.

IN : Although she is best known for science fiction and fantasy, the only unusual element of this novel is that it takes place in the imaginary Central European country of Orsinia, which is also the setting of her collection Orsinian Tales.
OUT: The novel is set in the imaginary country of Orsinia, which is the setting of her collection Orsinian Tales. The author is known for science fiction and fantasy.

IN : In basketball, tube socks are worn, and in lacrosse, mid-calf socks are required. In football, knee socks are used.
OUT: In basketball, tube socks are worn. In lacrosse, mid-calf socks are required. In football, knee socks are used. (Can be simplified to) Basketball players wear tube socks. Lacrosse players wear mid-calf socks. Football players wear knee socks.

IN : Currently, besides his political activism, Khan is also a philanthropist and cricket commentator.
OUT: Khan is a political activist, philanthropist, and cricket commentator.

IN : Burrows can also range in complexity from a simple tube a few centimeters long to a complex network of interconnecting tunnels and chambers hundreds or thousands of meters in total length, such as a well-developed rabbit warren.
OUT: Burrows can vary from simple tubes to intricate networks of tunnels and chambers.

IN : The name Yehudi means ` Jew' in Hebrew.
OUT: The name Yehudi means "Jew" in Hebrew.

IN : The Labor Party is a centre-left democratic socialist political party in the United Kingdom.
OUT: The Labor Party is a left-wing democratic socialist party in the UK.

IN : It was discovered by the German astronomer Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers on March 29, 1807, and named after the Roman virgin goddess of home and hearth, Vesta.
OUT: The German astronomer Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers discovered Vesta on March 29, 1807.

IN : The Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, was signed on 10 September 1919 by the victorious Allies of World War I on the one hand and by the new Republic of Austria on the other.
OUT: The Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye was signed on September 10, 1919, by the Allies and Austria.

IN : Magnesium is the 11th most abundant element by mass in the human body; its ions are essential to all living cells, where they play a major role in manipulating important biological polyphosphate compounds like ATP, DNA, and RNA.
OUT: The human body contains a significant amount of magnesium, which is the 11th most common element by mass. Magnesium ions are crucial for all living cells, as they play a significant role in managing essential biological compounds such as ATP, DNA, and RNA.

IN : Although hypertrophy and hyperplasia are two distinct processes, they frequently occur together, such as in the case of the hormonally-induced proliferation and enlargement of the cells of the uterus during pregnancy.
OUT: The two processes, hypertrophy and hyperplasia, often occur together, particularly during hormonal proliferation and enlargement of cells, such as in pregnancy.

IN : Similar to the Medieval recorders, and unlike the Baroque style recorders typically used today, Renaissance recorders have a wide, more or less cylindrical bore. They have powerful low notes (much more so than the Baroque recorders) .
OUT: Renaissance recorders, unlike Baroque ones, have a wide, cylindrical bore and stronger low notes.

IN : Mumia Abu-Jamal (born Wesley Cook on April 24, 1954) is an American who was found guilty of and sentenced to death for the December 9, 1981 murder of Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner.
OUT: Mumia Abu-Jamal is an American sentenced to death for murdering Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in 1981.

IN : Josquin des Prez, for example, himself set more than one version of the Ave Maria.
OUT: Josquin des Prez composed multiple versions of the Ave Maria.

IN : The Mississippi River from the confluence of the Ohio River to its mouth at the Gulf of Mexico is called the Lower Mississippi River.
OUT: The Lower Mississippi River is the portion of the Mississippi River from the Ohio River confluence to the Gulf of Mexico.

IN : One day, when the pianist failed to arrive by show time, Basie took his place.
OUT: When the pianist didn't come, Basie played instead.

IN : The trustees raised his salary to $ 800 with an additional $ 100 to serve as the college's librarian, a post which required one hour of work per day.
OUT: The trustees increased his salary to $900 for his role as the college librarian, which involved one hour of work daily.

IN : Dango are eaten year-round, but the different varieties are traditionally eaten in given seasons.
OUT: Dango come in various types, each with a traditional eating season.

IN : Troma Films, under their 50th St. Films banner, distributed the dub of the film co-produced by Jerry Beck.
OUT: Troma Films distributed Jerry Beck's co-produced film dub.

IN : Tectonic studies are also important for understanding erosion patterns in geomorphology and as guides for the economic geologist searching for petroleum and metallic ores.
OUT: Tectonic studies have significance in geomorphology for interpreting erosion patterns and in economic geology for locating petroleum and mineral resources.

IN : SeaMonkey consists of a web browser (SeaMonkey Navigator) , which is a descendant of the Netscape family, an e-mail and news client program (SeaMonkey Mail & Newsgroups, which shares code with Mozilla Thunderbird) , an HTML editor (SeaMonkey Composer) and an IRC client (ChatZilla) .
OUT: SeaMonkey is a web browser (SeaMonkey Navigator) and a suite of applications including an e-mail and news client (SeaMonkey Mail & Newsgroups), an HTML editor (SeaMonkey Composer), and an I

IN : Washington Luiz Pereira dos Santos (born 10 April 1975) is a former Brazilian football player.
OUT: Washington Luiz, born 1975, is a former Brazilian football player.

IN : The expansion of copyright and copyright term are mirrored in the rhetoric that has been employed in referring to copyright.
OUT: The use of copyright expansion and longer terms is reflected in copyright discourse.

IN : Juan Luis Mora Palacios (born July 12, 1973 in Aranjuez, Community of Madrid) is a retired Spanish footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.
OUT: Juan Mora, born July 12, 1973 in Aranjuez, was a Spanish goalkeeper in football.

IN : The name amphetamine is derived from its chemical name alpha-methylphenethylamine.
OUT: The name amphetamine comes from its chemical structure, alpha-methylphenethylamine.

IN : Conservator of Special Collections for the MIT Libraries.
OUT: MIT Libraries' special collections conservator.

IN : Cooper employs 13,311 employees.
OUT: Cooper has 13,311 employees.

IN : Newgrounds is an American entertainment and social media website.
OUT: Newgrounds is an American website for entertainment and social media.

IN : deposed in Second Schleswig War and resigned by Treaty of Vienna.
OUT: He was deposed during the Second Schleswig War and resigned by the Treaty of Vienna.

IN : The Tale of Peter Rabbit is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter that follows mischievous and disobedient young Peter Rabbit as he is chased about the garden of Mr. McGregor.
OUT: "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" is a children's book about a mischievous rabbit named Peter who disobeys Mr. McGregor.

IN : However, if the attacker was a noble, safely ensconced in a castle (as was often the case) , the town commune could not muster the forces to attack him directly.
OUT: A noble, safely ensconced in a castle, was usually beyond the town commune's reach for an attack.

IN : A nationwide census, known as Census 2001, was conducted in the United Kingdom on Sunday, 29 April 2001.
OUT: In the United Kingdom, a census (Census 2001) was held on April 29, 2001.

IN : M \* A \* S \* H is an American television series developed by Larry Gelbart, adapted from the 1970 feature film MASH (which was itself based on the 1968 novel MASH: A Novel About Three Army Doctors, by Richard Hooker) .
OUT: MASH is an American television series based on the 1970 film and 1968 novel of the same name.

IN : Yasuhiro Kamata (born 11 June 1980) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Yasuhiro Kamata is a former Japanese football player.

IN : The center of population of Rhode Island is located in Cranston.
OUT: The center of population of Rhode Island is in Cranston.

IN : The luminosity has increased in a nearly linear fashion to the present, increasing by 1 % every 110 million years.
OUT: The luminosity has been increasing linearly, at a rate of approximately 1% per 110 million years.

IN : Their huts are circular with conical thatched roofs, and fairly broad verandas all round.
OUT: Their huts have circular bases and conical thatched roofs, with broad verandas surrounding them.

IN : The sauce using egg yolks and butter appeared in the 19th century.
OUT: A 19th-century sauce was made with egg yolks and butter.

IN : It was more than a billion dollars in debt at the time, and losing 250 million dollars a year.
OUT: The company had a debt exceeding a billion dollars and was losing 250 million dollars annually.

IN : As an aid to template users, certain checks are made to verify that the necessary parameters have been entered.
OUT: The necessary parameters have been checked for template users.

IN : The first three Iowa Great Places (Coon Rapids, Clinton and Sioux City) were each awarded $ 1 million in seed money by the Iowa legislature. In September 2007, Coon Rapids was also awarded a $ 1.7 million Vision Iowa grant.
OUT: The first three Iowa Great Places -- Coon Rapids, Clinton, and Sioux City -- received $1 million each from the Iowa legislature. In September 2007, Coon Rapids additionally obtained a $1.7 million Vision Iowa grant.

IN : Following the 1966 season, Switzer moved to the University of Oklahoma as an assistant coach under new Head Coach and good friend Jim Mackenzie.
OUT: After the 1966 season, Switzer became an assistant coach at Oklahoma under Jim Mackenzie.

IN : In Boccaccio's Decameron a memorably morbid tale (novella V) tells of Lisabetta, whose brothers slay her lover.
OUT: In Decameron by Boccaccio, a morbid tale (novella V) describes Lisabetta's brothers killing her lover.

IN : Charmoille is a village and a former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
OUT: Charmoille is a village in the Porrentruy district of the canton of Jura, Switzerland.

IN : Furthermore, these bodies may expand (by insertion of additional lipids) , and under excessive expansion may undergo spontaneous splitting which preserves the same size and composition of lipids in the two progenies.
OUT: The bodies may expand by inserting additional lipids, and under excessive expansion, they may spontaneously split into two equal parts with identical lipid composition.

IN : There are approximately 15 subspecies with differing geographical distributions.
OUT: Approximately 15 subspecies have distinct geographical distributions.

IN : A tiny fishing town until 1958, Nouakchott was mentioned little during pre-colonial and colonial history.
OUT: A small fishing village until 1958, Nouakchott was seldom noted in pre-colonial and colonial history.

IN : Following the death of Schidlof from a heart attack in 1987, the Amadeus Quartet disbanded.
OUT: The Amquartet disbanded after Schidlof's death in 1987.

IN : However, this is an encyclopedia and the articles are intended to be serious, so please do n't make joke edits.
OUT: The intended meaning is: Please do not make humorous edits to the encyclopedia articles.

IN : Its capital is Chiba City.
OUT: The capital of Chiba is the simplified sentence.

IN : Simon Woolley of Operation Black Vote has said the 2008 Mayoral campaign has seen the media pursue a "wholly disproportionate" focus on Jasper, Doreen Lawrence (Livingstone supporter and mother of Stephen Lawrence) , and others.
OUT: Simon Woolley of Operation Black Vote has criticized the media for excessively focusing on Jasper Lawrence, Doreen Lawrence, and others during the 2008 Mayoral campaign.

IN : The racial makeup of the city was 51.12 % White, 0.58 % African American, 0.94 % Native American, 0.94 % Asian, 0.11 % Pacific Islander, 43.27 % from other races, and 3.03 % from two or more races.
OUT: The city's racial composition was approximately 51% White, 1% African American, 1% Native American, 1% Asian, less than 1% Pacific Islander, and about 44% from other races, with the remaining population identifying as multir

IN : Girolamo Savonarola (Ferrara, 21 September 1452 -- 23 May 1498, Florence) was an Italian Dominican friar and an influential contributor to the politics of Florence from 1494 until his execution in 1498.
OUT: Savonarola was an Italian Dominican friar who significantly influenced Florence's politics from 1494 until his execution in 1498.

IN : At the age of thirteen he enrolled at the University of Basel, and in 1723, received his Master of Philosophy with a dissertation that compared the philosophies of Descartes and Newton.
OUT: At age thirteen, he studied at the University of Basel and earned his Master of Philosophy in 1723 with a dissertation comparing Descartes' and Newton's philosophies.

IN : After the qualifying session for the British Grand Prix Mario Theissen announced that the team had decided to halt further development KERS; of which BMW had been one of the strongest proponents, and focus instead on improving the car's aerodynamics.
OUT: The team has decided to halt further development of KERS and focus on improving the car's aerodynamics (BMW was one of the strongest proponents of KERS).

IN : Bayne began racing go-karts at the age of five.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Bayne began racing go-karts at the age of five. Simplified sentence: Bayne raced go-karts from age five.

IN : Beaufort County is a member of the Mid-East Commission regional council of governments.
OUT: Beaufort County is part of the Mid-East Commission.

IN : The text inside the floating-table is sized by style = "font-size:86 %" (similar in size to the regular image captions) .
OUT: The text inside floating-tables is smaller than the regular text.

IN : It is part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha which also includes Ascension Island and the islands of Tristan da Cunha.
OUT: The British overseas territory of Saint Helena consists of Saint Helena Island, Ascension Island, and the islands of Tristan da Cunha.

IN : The group comprised Ben Folds (vocals, piano, and principal songwriting) , Robert Sledge (bass guitar and backing vocals) , and Darren Jessee (drums, backing vocals and co-writer for some songs) .
OUT: The group consisted of Ben Folds (vocals, piano), Robert Sledge (bass guitar, backing vocals), and Darren Jessee (drums, backing vocals, co-writer for some songs).

IN : The early period of Marathi theater was dominated by playwrights like Kolhatkar, Khadilkar, Deval, Gadkari and Kirloskar who enriched the Marathi theater for about half a century with excellent musical plays known as Sangeet Naatak.
OUT: Marathi theater's early phase was shaped by Kolhatkar, Khadilkar, Deval, Gadkari, and Kirloskar, who created musically rich plays called Sangeet Naatak for about 50 years.

IN : Armenia gave way to communist power in late 1920.
OUT: Armenia fell to communist rule in late 1920.

IN : In 1872, Pulitzer purchased a share in the Westliche Post for $ 3,000, and then sold his stake in the paper for a profit in 1873.
OUT: In 1873, Pulitzer sold a share in the Westliche Post he had bought for $3,000 the previous year.

IN : The city is commonly referred to as Capital Federal, or simply BSB.
OUT: The city is called Capital Federal or BSB.

IN : The only inhabited island is Willis Island.
OUT: Willis Island is inhabited.

IN : Abbeville is a city in Henry County, Alabama, United States.
OUT: The city of Abbeville is located in Henry County, Alabama, United States, serving as the county seat.

IN : As an administrator you can still view it.
OUT: You can view it as an administrator.

IN : Gia earned $ 50 for a partial day's work.
OUT: Gia made $50 for part of a day's work.

IN : Although written as an apparently verbatim account, the book is not a report of what was actually said at the trial, but instead a reflection on what happened.
OUT: The book is not a verbatim account of the trial, but a reflection on the events.

IN : The National Trust for Historic Preservation named Huntsville to its "America's Dozen Distinctive Destinations for 2010" list.
OUT: Huntsville made the "America's Dozen Distinctive Destinations for 2010" list of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.

IN : Slipknot considered including a DJ in their lineup, but had difficulty finding one because "the people (they) knew who were DJs all sucked!"
OUT: Slipknot thought about adding a DJ but struggled to find a good one because the ones they knew weren't impressive.

IN : This template is only intended for sources that are used many, many times in the same article, to such an extent that normal citation would produce a useless line in or too many individual ones.
OUT: This template is for sources used extensively in an article.

IN : A page-turner is often necessary for musicians who are playing complex pieces and prefer not to play from memory.
OUT: A complex piece requires musicians to use a page-turner if they don't want to memorize it.

IN : Maloy is a city in Ringgold County, Iowa, United States, along the Platte River.
OUT: Maloy is a city in Iowa, along the Platte River.

IN : This tree grows on the slopes of the Andes, mainly in Peru.
OUT: The tree grows on the Andes slopes, primarily in Peru.

IN : At the age of fifteen, Mary was betrothed to her cousin the Protestant Stadtholder of Holland, William of Orange.
OUT: Mary, at fifteen, was engaged to William of Orange, the Protestant Stadtholder of Holland.

IN : Schneier and Blaze based MacGuffin on DES, their main change being that the data block is not split into equal halves in the Feistel network. Instead, 48 bits of the 64-bit data block are fed through the round function, whose output is XORed with the other 16 bits of the data block.
OUT: Schneider and Blaze altered DES by processing only 48 bits of a 64-bit data block through the round function, then XORing the result with the remaining 16 bits.

IN : Zadar is Silba's mainland administrative center; it is part of the Zadar County.
OUT: Zadar is the administrative center of Silba, located in Zadar County.

IN : Since June 2007, the party is headed by Pauline Marois.
OUT: Pauline Marois has led the party since June 2007.

IN : The team is managed by Christian Horner, boss of the Arden International GP2 Series team.
OUT: Christian Horner manages the team.

IN : Rooibos (; Afrikaans for "red bush" ; scientific name Aspalathus linearis) is a broom-like member of the legume family of plants growing in South Africa's fynbos.
OUT: Rooibos, a South African plant from the legume family with a broom-like appearance (Aspalathus linearis), is found in the country's fynbos region.

IN : Jazz fans did research and self published discographies about when jazz records were made and what musicians were on the records, as record companies did not commonly include that information on or with the records at that time.
OUT: Jazz fans researched and published their own discographies about jazz records' release dates and musicians during the time when record companies didn't provide that information.

IN : Rangel worked as Tempos main photojournalist, often documenting poverty or Portuguese policies which were perceived as unfair by the publication.
OUT: Rangel, Tempo's main photojournalist, frequently captured images of poverty and controversial Portuguese policies.

IN : The Dalmatian is a breed of dog whose roots are often said to trace back to Dalmatia, a region of Croatia where the first illustrations of the dog have been found.
OUT: A Dalmatian is a breed of dog originating from Dalmatia, Croatia.

IN : Potassium fluoride is prepared by dissolving potassium carbonate in excess hydrofluoric acid.
OUT: Potassium fluoride is made by dissolving potassium carbonate in strong hydrofluoric acid.

IN : Like many Frankfurt public sites, it was privately financed and implemented by the architect Heinrich Siesmayer.
OUT: The site, like many in Frankfurt, was privately financed and built by architect Heinrich Siesmayer.

IN : It grows to 1.4 m to 2 m tall, with arching, deeply lobed, silvery glaucous-green leaves 50 c - 82 c long.
OUT: The plant grows tall, reaching 1.4 to 2 meters, with deeply lobed, arching silvery-green leaves that are 50 to 82 centimeters long.

IN : di'' is an abbreviation for Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft, which means "United Services Union."
OUT: The abbreviation "di"" stands for Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft, or United Services Union.

IN : (The color azure is also named after the mineral lapis lazuli.)
OUT: The color azure is called lapis lazuli as well.

IN : Claggart returns, and tells Vere that Billy poses a threat of mutiny.
OUT: Claggar returns and tells Vere Billy is a mutiny risk.

IN : It had a seating capacity of 250 people, and was heated by two coal stoves at either end which shared a long, black chimney.
OUT: The seating capacity was for 250 people, and it was heated by two coal stoves at each end, sharing a long, black chimney.

IN : In time Lulu returns with another client, the Negro (played by the singer who played the Painter, Lulu's second husband) .
OUT: Lulu returns with another client, played by the singer who also played the Painter and is a Negro.

IN : The processes for encryption and decryption are similar.
OUT: The encryption and decryption processes are similar.

IN : A DNA construct may express wildtype protein, prevent the expression of certain genes by expressing competitors or inhibitors, or express mutant proteins, such as deletion mutations or missense mutations.
OUT: A DNA construct can produce wildtype protein, suppress gene expression with competitors or inhibitors, or generate mutant proteins (deletions or missense mutations).

IN : Mato Grosso do Sul is one of the states of Brazil.
OUT: Mato Grosso do Sul is a state in southern Brazil.

IN : Avesnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
OUT: Avesnes is a commune in northern France, located in the Pas-de-Calais department.

IN : Frustrated and bitter, Arnold decided to change sides in 1779, and opened secret negotiations with the British.
OUT: Arnold became disgruntled and made a secret deal with the British in 1779.

IN : The most famous of these events are the Edinburgh Fringe (the largest performing arts festival in the world) , the Edinburgh International Festival, the Edinburgh Military Tattoo, and the Edinburgh International Book Festival.
OUT: The Edinburgh Fringe, International Festival, Military Tattoo, and Book Festival are the most famous events in the city.

IN : Shirov is noted for his attacking style and for seeking complications, a tendency which has led to comparisons with fellow Latvian and former world champion, Mikhail Tal, under whom he studied in his youth.
OUT: Shirov is known for his aggressive play and complexity, similar to Mikhail Tal.

IN : Noel reportedly replied, "Well, I do n't write shit songs!" .
OUT: Noel reportedly said, "I don't write crap songs!"

IN : Ellery Avenue in Middletown, Rhode Island is named in his honor.
OUT: Ellery Avenue in Middletown, Rhode Island, is named after him.

IN : Carles Puyol i Saforcada (; born 13 April 1978) is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spanish national team.
OUT: Puyol is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spanish national team.

IN : The London Underground 1960 Stock was a small, prototype class of electric multiple unit designed for the London Underground Central Line.
OUT: The London Underground 1960 Stock was a prototype electric multiple unit for the Central Line.

IN : The final part of the cell reproduction process is cell division, when daughter cells physically split apart from a parental cell.
OUT: The final part of cell reproduction is cell division.

IN : Because of the copyright struggle, importing literature on Ultraman into Singapore and Malaysia was prohibited.
OUT: The copyright struggle resulted in a ban on importing Ultraman literature into Singapore and Malaysia.

IN : The Tridentine Mass is the form of the Roman Rite Mass contained in the typical editions of the Roman Missal that were published from 1570 to 1962. It was the most widely celebrated Mass liturgy in the world until the introduction of the Mass of Paul VI in December 1969.
OUT: The Tridentine Mass is the form of the Roman Rite celebrated from 1570 to 1962. It was the most common Mass until 1969.

IN : The reaction from film reviewers was mixed with many panning the film as a retread of older Disney films like The Lion King and the 20th Century Fox film Ice Age (although Brother Bear began production before Ice Age did) , while others defended the film as a legitimate variation of the theme.
OUT: Some reviewers panned Brother Bear as a retread of older Disney and Fox films. Others defended it as a legitimate variation of the theme.

IN : On 23 December 1787, Bounty sailed from Spithead for Tahiti.
OUT: The Bounty set sail for Tahiti from Spithead on December 23, 1787.

IN : Chronology is part of periodization.
OUT: Chronology is a part of periodization.

IN : Yoshiharu Ueno (, born April 21, 1973 in Saitama, Japan) is a former Japanese football player who played for the J-league team Yokohama F. Marinos.
OUT: Yoshiharu Ueno, born April 21, 1973, is a former Japanese football player who played for Yokohama F. Marinos in the J-league.

IN : Sauber's final grand prix came in China 2005, with Massa scoring a welcome sixth place to round off the team's history.
OUT: Sauber finished the 2005 Chinese Grand Prix with Massa in sixth place.

IN : It took place on April 7, 1986 at three venues: the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York, the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois, and the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena in Los Angeles, California.
OUT: The event occurred on April 7, 1986 at three locations: Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum (Uniondale, New York), Rosemont Horizon (Rosemont, Illinois), and Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena (Los Angeles, California).

IN : The larvae of a number of Lepidoptera species also feed on the plant.
OUT: A number of Lepidoptera species' larvae feed on the plant.

IN : As the motor speeds up, the internally generated voltage rises, the resultant EMF falls, less current passes through the motor and the torque drops.
OUT: As the motor speeds up, the internal voltage rises, causing a decrease in EMF, resulting in less current and lower torque.

IN : Hans Michael Frank (May 23, 1900 -- October 16, 1946) was a German lawyer who worked for the Nazi party during the 1920s and 1930s and later became a high-ranking official in Nazi Germany.
OUT: Hans Frank was a German lawyer who worked for the Nazis and became a high-ranking official, later convicted of war crimes and executed.

IN : Trevor Letowski (born April 5, 1977) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in the NHL with the Phoenix Coyotes, Vancouver Canucks, Columbus Blue Jackets and the Carolina Hurricanes.
OUT: Trevor Letowski is a retired Canadian ice hockey right winger who played in the NHL for the Phoenix Coyotes, Vancouver Canucks, Columbus Blue Jackets, and Carolina Hurricanes.

IN : He was born John Ned Shines in Frayser, Tennessee.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: He was born John Ned Shines in Frayser, Tennessee. He is now known as John Shines.

IN : Copy a blank version to use.
OUT: Make a copy of a blank version.

IN : Twelve teams each played 76 games.
OUT: Twelve teams played seventy-six games each.

IN : The group is generally known as the Old World rats or true rats, and originated in Asia.
OUT: The Old World rats originated in Asia.

IN : Adobe Systems, which acquired Aldus, now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification.
OUT: Adobe now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification.

IN : Pierre is the capital of the U.S. state of South Dakota and the county seat of Hughes County.
OUT: The capital city of South Dakota in the United States, and the county seat of Hughes County, is Pierre.

IN : Jurassic Park: Operation Genesis (known colloquially as JP: OG or JPOG) is a construction and management simulation video game for the PC, Xbox, and PlayStation 2 based on the novel and film series Jurassic Park.
OUT: Jurassic Park: Operation Genesis is a simulation video game based on the Jurassic Park series.

IN : The next day, The Sun News-Pictorial published its last edition.
OUT: The next day, The Sun published its last edition. (Assuming The Sun is another name for The Sun News-Pictorial)

IN : He entered mainstream exposure when his song "Chocolate Rain" , and accompanying video on YouTube, became a popular Internet meme in July 2007.
OUT: In July 2007, "Chocolate Rain" by him gained popularity as an Internet meme.

IN : In order to replace him, former Reach the Sky guitarist Chris Chasse joined in 2004 and they released their Geffen debut Siren Song of the Counter Culture.
OUT: Former Reach the Sky guitarist Chris Chasse joined in 2004 and they released their Geffen debut, Siren Song of the Counter Culture.

IN : He is also a former member of the Iran national football team and usually plays in the center back position.
OUT: He was a center back for the Iran national football team.

IN : This period spanned the years from August 1303 through December 1306.
OUT: August 1303 to December 1306.

IN : Shigetoshi Hasebe (born 23 April 1971) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Shigetoshi Hasebe is a former Japanese football player.

IN : Cory runs off in tears.
OUT: Cory cries and runs away.

IN : Since her debut two decades ago, she played a leading role in 18 movies, 20 television dramas and 140 commercials.
OUT: She's appeared in 18 movies, 20 TV dramas, and 140 commercials over the past 20 years.

IN : If the elevator cab is at the top of the hoist-way, there is a short length of hoist cable above the car and a long length of compensating cable below the car and vice versa for the counterweight.
OUT: If the elevator is at the top, there's a short hoist cable and a long compensating cable below. Conversely, at the bottom, there's a short compensating cable and a long hoist cable above.

IN : In England, there are currently eight parishes with city status, all places with long-established Anglican cathedrals: Chichester, Ely, Hereford, Lichfield, Ripon, Salisbury, Truro and Wells.
OUT: There are eight English cities with cathedrals that are part of the Church of England: Chichester, Ely, Hereford, Lichfield, Ripon, Salisbury, Truro, and Wells.

IN : The pressure measurement made Katrina the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record at the time, only to be surpassed by Hurricanes Rita and Wilma later in the season; it was also the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Gulf of Mexico at the time (a record also later broken by Rita) .
OUT: The fourth strongest Atlantic hurricane on record at the time was Katrina, with the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Gulf of Mexico also being Katrina.

IN : Hadith Qudsi (or Sacred Hadith) is a sub-category of hadith, which are sayings of Muhammad.
OUT: Hadith Qudsi are Muhammad's sacred sayings.

IN : In modern literature, the Don is often featured in the works of Mikhail Aleksandrovich Sholokhov, a writer from the stanitsa of Veshenskaya.
OUT: The Don is a common theme in Mikhail Sholokhov's literature from Veshenskaya.

IN : This is useful for creating space for new operating systems, reorganising hard disk usage, copying data between hard disks, and disk imaging.
OUT: A useful function includes creating space for new OS, reorganizing hard disk usage, copying data, and disk imaging.

IN : Christians, through faith in the working of God are spiritually resurrected with Jesus so that they may walk in a new way of life.
OUT: Christians are spiritually resurrected with Jesus, enabling them to live a new way of life through faith in God.

IN : He was a teacher at National College of Arts Lahore.
OUT: He taught at the National College of Arts in Lahore.

IN : McDiarmid was born in Carnoustie.
OUT: McDiarmid is from Carnoustie.

IN : The "joinery" and "joiner" usage is obsolete in the USA, although the main carpenters' trade union still calls itself the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America.
OUT: The main carpenters' trade union in the USA is called the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America, but the terms "joinery" and "joiner" are obsolete.

IN : The closest major airports are Haneda Airport and Narita International Airport, both about two hours away.
OUT: The major airports nearest to us are Haneda Airport and Narita International Airport, each approximately a 2-hour drive.

IN : The population was 15,608 at the 2000 census.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The population was 15,608 at the 2000 census. The population was 15,608 in the year 2000.

IN : Coats of arms shows a golden anchor on blue reason.
OUT: A coat of arms displays a golden anchor against a blue background.

IN : One of the four young men who founded the club had taken a day trip on this ship with his father.
OUT: A young man and his father went on a day trip on the ship, one of the club's founders.

IN : The Bradshaw Trail, nicknamed the Gold Road at one time, is an historic overland stage route in Southern California which originally connected San Bernardino, California to gold fields in La Paz, Arizona, some miles north of Ehrenberg.
OUT: The Bradshaw Trail, a historic overland route in Southern California, connected San Bernardino to gold fields in Arizona, north of Ehrenberg.

IN : For years in HTML, a table has always forced an implicit line-wrap (or line-break) , so to keep a table within a line, the work-around is to put the whole line into a table, then imbed a table-within-a-table, using the outer table to force the whole line to stay together.
OUT: In HTML, a table has historically caused an implicit line wrap, so to keep a table on one line, the solution is to put the entire line inside a table and nest tables within it, using the outer table to maintain the line's integrity.

IN : Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American alternative rock band that formed in Los Angeles in 1983.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American alternative rock band that formed in Los Angeles in 1983. The Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles, formed in 1983.

IN : Singles 90\/98 is a limited edition 11 disc compilation album by Massive Attack released in 1998.
OUT: Massive Attack released a limited edition 11-disc compilation album, Singles 90-98, in 1998.

IN : Jhelum and Ravi join Chenab, Beas joins Sutlej, and then Sutlej and Chenab join to form Panjnad 10 miles north of Uch Sharif in Bahawalpur district.
OUT: The rivers Jhelum and Ravi join Chenab. Beas joins Sutlej. Then, Sutlej and Chenab join to form Panjnad, 10 miles north of Uch Sharif in Bahawalpur district.

IN : Its purpose was to get U.S. Highway 66 paved from end to end and to promote tourism on the highway.
OUT: The purpose was to pave U.S. Highway 66 from end to end and promote tourism on it.

IN : On 1 July 2010 he was elected Minister-President of the state of Lower Saxony, succeeding Christian Wulff, who resigned following his election as President of Germany.
OUT: He became Minister-President of Lower Saxony on July 1, 2010, replacing Christian Wulff who resigned to become Germany's President.

IN : Blaignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: Blaignac is a commune in Gironde, France.

IN : Respect is a left wing political party in England and Wales founded in 2004.
OUT: Respect is a political party in England and Wales founded in 2004.

IN : Following the release of Badmotorfinger, Soundgarden went on a tour in North America that ran from October 1991 to November 1991.
OUT: After Badmotorfinger's release, Soundgarden toured North America from October 1991 to November 1991.

IN : This encounter ends with Elijah victorious over the official Baal prophets of Israel in a contest held for the sake of the Israelites and their king, Ahab. The contest ends when Elijah's God consumes the offering which the Baal worshipers could not induce their god to touch, after which Elijah slaughters the Baal prophets (1 Kings 18:17 -40) .
OUT: 1. Elijah defeats the Baal prophets in a contest,

IN : Revolver is a bi-monthly rock and heavy metal magazine published by Future US.
OUT: Revolver is a bi-monthly rock and heavy metal magazine.

IN : Spencer is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area.
OUT: Spencer is in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, and part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area.

IN : In 1997, the band broke up due to internal strife over its creative direction.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: In 1997, the band broke up due to internal strife over its creative direction. The band split in 1997 due to creative disagreements.

IN : Wemmel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
OUT: Wemmel is a Belgian municipality in Flemish Brabant.

IN : The new studios\/headquarters for NBC News and MSNBC are now located in one area.
OUT: The new NBC News and MSNBC studios are now in the same area.

IN : One such mask, known as L'Inconnue de la Seine, recorded the face of an unidentified young woman who, according to one oft-repeated story, had been found drowned in the Seine River at Paris around the late 1880s.
OUT: A mask called L'Inconnue de la Seine recorded the face of an unidentified woman found in the Seine River in Paris around the late 1880s.

IN : The park is made up of seven themed areas.
OUT: The park has seven themed areas.

IN : The Alliance Party of Northern Ireland is a liberal and nonsectarian political party in Northern Ireland.
OUT: The Alliance Party of Northern Ireland is a nonsectarian, liberal political party in Northern Ireland.

IN : In 1913, pursuant to legislative Act, Delaware College came into sole ownership of the State of Delaware. The school would be renamed the University of Delaware in 1921.
OUT: The State of Delaware took ownership of Delaware College in 1913 through legislative action. The school was later renamed the University of Delaware in 1921.

IN : However, Wagner's "migration theory" was based on a rather simple, Lamarckian idea of evolution.
OUT: Wagner's "migration theory" was based on a Lamarckian idea of evolution.

IN : Many other sports use strength training as part of their training regimen, notably football, rugby, lacrosse, basketball, hockey, and track and field.
OUT: Sports such as football, rugby, lacrosse, basketball, hockey, and track and field incorporate strength training into their training programs.

IN : Here he started a major study of the extensive collections of data recorded over many years.
OUT: He began a large-scale analysis of long-term data records.

IN : It is native to the Mediterranean region.
OUT: The sentence is already simplified. It is clear, concise, and unambiguous. No further simplification is needed.

IN : The Xbox Live Marketplace (XBLM) is a virtual market designed for Microsoft's Xbox 360 console that allows Xbox Live members to download purchased or promotional content.
OUT: The Xbox Marketplace is a virtual store on Xbox 360 for Xbox Live members to download content.

IN : SMS gateway providers facilitate SMS traffic between businesses and mobile subscribers, including mission-critical messages, SMS for enterprises, content delivery, and entertainment services involving SMS, e.g. TV voting.
OUT: SMS gateway providers enable businesses to send SMS messages to subscribers for various purposes.

IN : CAMRA defines perry and pear cider as quite different drinks, stating that "pear cider" as made by the large industrial cidermakers is merely a pear-flavoured drink, or more specifically a cider-style drink flavored with pear concentrate, whereas "perry" should be made by traditional methods from perry pears only. (It should be noted that Brothers, Bulmers and other pear ciders are made from pear concentrate, often imported.)
OUT: Perry and pear cider are distinct drinks. Industrial pear ciders are flavored with pear concentrate, while traditional perry is made from perry pears only.

IN : Readers should not judge the importance of topics based on their coverage in Wikipedia, nor assume that a topic is important merely because it is the subject of a Wikipedia article.
OUT: Don't judge a topic's importance by its Wikipedia coverage, and a Wikipedia article doesn't make it important.

IN : While in London he lived with his elder sister, and studied at King's College London.
OUT: In London, he lived with his elder sister and attended King's College.

IN : The original "Kaval sviri" can be heard where Xena races into battle in the Hercules episode "Unchained Heart" .
OUT: In "Unchained Heart," Xena hears the original "Kaval sviri" in a battle.

IN : Although most composers prefer to use the enharmonic equivalent D-flat major because it has just five flats as opposed to the seven sharps of C-sharp major, Johann Sebastian Bach actually chose C-sharp major for Prelude and Fugue No. 3 in both books of the Well-Tempered Clavier.
OUT: Most composers prefer five-flat D-flat major over seven-sharp C-sharp major, but Bach used C-sharp major for Prelude and Fugue No. 3 in the Well-Tempered Clavier.

IN : Pompey retreated to his camp and ordered the garrison to defend it.
OUT: Pompey retreated to his camp and had it defended.

IN : Wikipedia is not censored, which in practice means that in relevant areas throughout the site, you will find possibly distressing content and pictures showing subjects like sexual activity or profanity in context.
OUT: Wikipedia contains potentially distressing content.

IN : Coinciding with its classification as a tropical storm, the National Hurricane Center issued a tropical storm warning for the west coast of Florida from Bonita Beach through Keaton Beach, with a tropical storm watch declared from Keaton Beach northward to Saint Marks.
OUT: The National Hurricane Center issued a tropical storm warning for the west coast of Florida from Bonita Beach to Keaton Beach. A tropical storm watch was declared from Keaton Beach to Saint Marks.

IN : Jessie has been in several movies, including Meet the Robinsons, Over the Hedge, The Ant Bully, Finding Nemo, The Emperor's New School, and Brother Bear 2.
OUT: Jessie has appeared in various films: Meet the Robinsons, Over the Hedge, The Ant Bully, Finding Nemo, The Emperor's New School, and Brother Bear 2.

IN : Provinces in which the region's capital is located all have an UBIGEO code ending in.
OUT: Provinces with regional capitals have UBIGEO codes ending in .00.

IN : The current size of Land Force Command is 19,500 regular soldiers and 16,000 reserve soldiers, for a total of around 35,500 soldiers.
OUT: The total number of soldiers in Land Force Command is approximately 35,500.

IN : The authorities initially rejected the proposal by casting doubts over functionality and concerns about the high installation costs, but made an about-turn when the government announced plans to install half-height platform screen doors in a speech on 25 January 2008, citing lower costs due to it becoming a more common feature worldwide.
OUT: The authorities initially questioned the proposal due to doubts about functionality and high installation costs. However, they changed their minds after the government announced plans to install half-height platform screen doors, which had become more common and cost-effective worldwide.

IN : None of these bells has survived.
OUT: No bell has survived.

IN : According to various organizations (the National Science Foundation, NASA, the University of California, San Diego, and other sources) , ships captained by three men sighted Antarctica in 1820: Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen (an Estonian-born captain in the Russian Imperial Navy) , Edward Bransfield (a Ireland-born captain in the Royal Navy) , and Nathaniel Palmer (an American sealer out of Stonington, Connecticut) .
OUT: Three captains - Bellingshausen, Bransfield, and Palmer - sighted Antarctica in 1

IN : , where they can see cottontop tamarins and learn about the efforts to protect these endangered primates in their natural homes.
OUT: The visitors can observe cottontop tamarins and gain knowledge about conservation efforts for these endangered primates in their habitats.

IN : Beverly Hills and the neighboring city of West Hollywood are together entirely surrounded by the city of Los Angeles.
OUT: The cities of Beverly Hills and West Hollywood are enclosed by Los Angeles.

IN : Di Resta was the highest driver in the standings to drive a non-2007 car.
OUT: Di Resta was the highest-placed driver in the standings driving a non-2007 car.

IN : However, these versions (and other browsers, most notably Internet Explorer) are not actively supported.
OUT: These versions are not supported. (Internet Explorer included.)

IN : The style has three filiform, spoon-shaped branches, each expanding towards the apex.
OUT: The original sentence describes the

IN : Politicians in the party win a place in parliament by being on the Party List, which is drawn up before the elections and enumerates, in order, the party's preferred MPs.
OUT: The party determines its representatives to parliament through the Party List, which ranks its preferred MPs before elections.

IN : There were 5,205 households out of which 27.40 % had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.90 % were married couples living together, 10.60 % had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.70 % were non-families.
OUT: - Around 2,853 households (54.90%) were married couples.

IN : The tensions within the team surfaced again at the 2007 Hungarian Grand Prix. During the final qualifying session for the race Hamilton was delayed in the pits by Alonso and thus unable to set a final lap time before the end of the session.
OUT: The tensions between the drivers resurfaced at the 2007 Hungarian Grand Prix. In the final qualifying session, Hamilton was held back in the p

IN : BCC is marketed as a modern location for conventions and conferences.
OUT: A modern location for conventions and conferences is marketed by BCC.

IN : Indigofera is a large genus of about 700 species of flowering plants belonging to the family Fabaceae.
OUT: The genus Indigofera consists of approximately 700 species of flowering plants, which are part of the Fabaceae family.

IN : The entire island group now belongs to Comhairle nan Eilean Siar, the Western Isles Council.
OUT: The Western Isles Council now owns the entire island group.

IN : Around this fireplace the family sleep.
OUT: The family sleeps around the fireplace.

IN : Since the release of The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, Henley has appeared in the stage play Babes in the Wood at her local theater group, which ran from 27 January to 4 February 2006.
OUT: After the publication of The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, Henley acted in Babes in the Wood at her local theater from January 27 to February 4, 2006.

IN : Lena Meyer-Landrut (born 23 May 1991) , known professionally as Lena, is a German singer.
OUT: Lena is a German singer.

IN : Robert A. Heinlein in part dedicated his 1982 novel Friday to Cadigan after becoming her friend, following her being the guest liaison to him for the 34th Worldcon in Kansas City.
OUT: Robert A. Heinlein dedicated part of his 1982 novel Friday to Cadigan after they became friends.

IN : The Stuart complex became fully operational on 20 December 1944.
OUT: The Stuart complex was fully operational on December 20, 1944.

IN : The six "town centres" comprising the City of Surrey are: Fleetwood, Whalley\/City Centre, Guildford, Newton, Cloverdale, and South Surrey.
OUT: The six town centers in Surrey are: Fleetwood, Whalley/City Centre, Guildford, Newton, Cloverdale, and South Surrey.

IN : Subsequently, four fossil skeletons were found, showing a species primitive in its skull and upper body but with relatively advanced spines and lower limbs, providing greater mobility.
OUT: The four fossil skeletons discovered afterward reveal a primitive skull and upper body for this species, but advanced spines and lower limbs, enhancing its mobility.

IN : They are often involved in teaching anatomy, and research into certain systems, organs, tissues or cells.
OUT: Anatomists are responsible for teaching anatomy and conducting research on various body structures.

IN : kerfeldt agreed without consulting his band mates or record label.
OUT: Kerfeldt agreed without consulting anyone.

IN : An episode is a part of a dramatic work such as a serial television or radio program.
OUT: A single installment of a dramatic work, such as a TV or radio series.

IN : In 1967 he was admitted into the Royal College of Pathologists of Australia and became a senior pathologist at the Royal Perth Hospital where he spent the majority of his career.
OUT: He joined the Royal College of Pathologists of Australia in 1967 and worked as a senior pathologist at Royal Perth Hospital for most of his career.

IN : c) Cabinet: The Constitution provides that there shall be a Cabinet headed by the Prime Minister which is collectively responsible to the National Assembly.
OUT: The Constitution requires a Cabinet, led by the Prime Minister, to be accountable to the National Assembly.

IN : and one from Raw onto the newly created ECW brand.
OUT: One superstar moves from Raw to ECW brand.

IN : Long Beach is a city (incorporated August 10, 1905) located in Harrison County, Mississippi, USA.
OUT: Long Beach is a city located in Mississippi, USA.

IN : She held the post of Composer in Association for the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra from 1995 to 1998.
OUT: The composer worked for the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra from 1995 to 1998.

IN : He has played for Japan national team.
OUT: He plays for Japan's national team.

IN : In North America, a given show's season premiere often airs in September or October, after several months of reruns.
OUT: The season premiere of a show in North America typically airs in September or October, following several months of reruns.

IN : With the exception of the album's lead single, "What the Hell" , Lavigne described the songs on the album as different from her earlier material: "I'm older now, so I think that comes across in my music, it's not as pop-rock" .
OUT: Lavigne described the songs on the album as different from her earlier, pop-rock music because she's older.

IN : When Napoleon defeated Venice in 1797, he found that Istria was populated by Italians on the coast and in the main cities, but the interior was populated mainly by Croats and Slovenians: this dual ethnicity in the same peninsula created a situation of antagonism between Slavs and Italians for the supremacy of Istria, when started the first nationalisms after Napoleon's fall.
OUT: Napoleon conquered Venice in 1797, discovering Italians inhabited the coast and major cities, while Croats and Slovenians populated the interior. This ethnic divide led

IN : He finished eleventh in the GP2 drivers' championship, with a best finish of two second places.
OUT: He finished eleventh in the GP2 championship, with two second-place finishes.

IN : For legal reasons, we can not accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other websites or printed material; such additions will be deleted.
OUT: You cannot use copyrighted text or images from other sources.

IN : Athanasius of Alexandria, a young deacon and companion of Bishop Alexander of Alexandria, was among the assistants.
OUT: Athanasius of Alexandria, a young deacon, helped Bishop Alexander.

IN : In July 1792 he fought a bloodless duel with the Earl of Lauderdale after the Earl impugned his honor in the House of Lords.
OUT: The Earl of Lauderdale accused him of impugning his honor in the House of Lords in July 1792. They had a duel, but it was bloodless.

IN : Nickelodeon President Cyma Zarghami openly stated her belief that the franchise "could become their Harry Potter" .
OUT: Cyma Zarghami believes Nickelodeon's franchise could be their Harry Potter.

IN : Today, the reconfiguration of the canal created during the First Enlargement is commonly referred to as the Improved Erie Canal or the Old Erie Canal, to distinguish it from the canal's modern-day course.
OUT: The Improved Erie Canal or the Old Erie Canal refers to the reconfigured canal created during the First Enlargement, distinguishing it from the modern-day course.

IN : They are all composed of granite rock of early Permian age, an exposed part of the Cornubian batholith.
OUT: The Cornubian batholith is composed of early Permian granite rock.

IN : The Bering land bridge was a land bridge roughly 1,000 miles (1,600 km) north to south at its greatest extent, which joined present-day Alaska and eastern Siberia at various times during the Pleistocene ice ages.
OUT: The Bering land bridge connected Alaska and eastern Siberia during the Pleistocene ice ages.

IN : 3 No. 9, arranged for trumpet and instrumental trio.
OUT: Three No. 9s are arranged for trumpet and instrumental trio.

IN : Some twenty years after Leonardo's death, Francis was reported by the goldsmith and sculptor Benevenuto Cellini as saying: "There had never been another man born in the world who knew as much as Leonardo, not so much about painting, sculpture and architecture, as that he was a very great philosopher."
OUT: Twenty years after Leonardo's death, Benvenuto Cellini reported that Francis said Leonardo was the most knowledgeable person in the world, excelling in painting, sculpture, architecture, and philosophy.

IN : The Kiribati national football team is the national football team of Kiribati and is controlled by the Kiribati Islands Football Association.
OUT: The Kiribati football team is controlled by the Kiribati Islands Football Association.

IN : Born in 1943, Barber attended Walpole Grammar School in Ealing from 1954-1961, followed by the University of Nottingham from 1961-1966, where he received his Bachelors Degree in 1964.
OUT: Barber was educated at Walpole Grammar School from 1954 to 1961 and the University of Nottingham from 1961 to 1966, earning his Bachelor's degree in 1964.

IN : XP may continue to be available as these sources run through their inventory or by purchasing Windows 7 Ultimate, Windows 7 Pro, Windows Vista Ultimate or Windows Vista Business, and then downgrading to Windows XP.
OUT: XP can be obtained by purchasing certain Windows versions and downgrading.

IN : From Springfield, Naismith went to Denver where he acquired a medical degree and in 1898 he joined the University of Kansas faculty at Lawrence, Kansas after coaching at Baker University.
OUT: Naithm went to Denver for a medical degree then joined the University of Kansas faculty in 1898 after coaching at Baker University.

IN : On June 30, 2009, Yamamoto joined the ECW brand under the ring name Yoshi Tatsu.
OUT: In 2009, Yamamoto joined ECW as Yoshi Tatsu.

IN : Anthony Kiedis (, ; born November 1, 1962) is an American vocalist\/lyricist and occasional actor best known as the lead vocalist of the Grammy-winning American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. Kiedis spent his youth in Grand Rapids, Michigan with his mother before moving, shortly before his 12th birthday, to Hollywood, California to live with his father.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Anthony Kiedis (, ; born November 1, 1962) is an American vocalist\/lyricist and occasional actor best known as the lead vocalist of the Grammy-winning American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. Kiedis spent his youth in Grand Rapids, Michigan with his mother before moving, shortly before his 12th birthday, to Hollywood, California to live with his father. He attended Fairfax High School in Los Angeles, where he met the founding members of the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The band's debut album, 'The Red Hot Chili Peppers (1

IN : Specific heat, also called specific heat capacity, is defined as the amount of energy that has to be transferred to or from one unit of mass (kilogram) or amount of substance (mole) to change the system temperature by one degree. Specific heat is a physical property, which means that it depends on the substance under consideration and its state as specified by its properties.
OUT: Specific heat is the energy required to change the temperature of one unit of mass or mole of a substance by one degree. It varies depending on the substance and its state.

IN : Keynes currently resides in Highbury, London.
OUT: Keynes lives in Highbury, London.

IN : After finishing high school, he left for Germany in order to continue his studies.
OUT: After high school, he went to Germany to study.

IN : Wright's explanation for stasis was that organisms come to occupy adaptive peaks.
OUT: Wright believed organisms reach adaptive peaks.

IN : It calls the territories under its control the Liberated Territories or the Free Zone.
OUT: The territories under its control are referred to as the Liberated Territories or the Free Zone.

IN : Founded in its present form in 1818, as the linear successor of earlier academic institutions, the University of Bonn is today one of the leading universities in Germany.
OUT: The University of Bonn was founded in 1818 and is now one of Germany's leading universities.

IN : The limitation of this method is that the reading of the same joystick over the same game port can change over time, and some joysticks can not work at all with this method.
OUT: One potential limitation of this method is that joystick readings may vary over time, and some joysticks may not function at all.

IN : George V (George Frederick Alexander Charles Ernest Augustus; 27 May 1819 -- 12 June 1878) was the last King of Hanover.
OUT: George V was Hanover's last king.

IN : A product cipher that uses only substitutions and permutations is called a SP-network.
OUT: A product cipher that uses substitutions and permutations is called an SP-network.

IN : Born in Chicago, Illinois, United States, the Mummery family moved to Brandon, Manitoba.
OUT: The Mummery family moved to Brandon, Manitoba (born in Chicago, Illinois, United States).

IN : The St Kilda Football Club was formed on 2 April 1873, containing many elements of the previous South Yarra Football Club which had disbanded a year earlier.
OUT: The St Kilda Football Club was formed in 1873, incorporating elements from the South Yarra Football Club which had disbanded the previous year.

IN : The Duchy had been ruled between 1731 and 1736 by his elder brother Charles, but exchanged with Austria for The Two Sicilies after the War of Polish Succession.
OUT: The Duchy was ruled by Charles from 1731 to 1736, but was given to Austria in exchange for The Two Sicilies after the War of Polish Succession.

IN : The majority of Muslims live in Asia and Africa.
OUT: The vast majority of Muslims reside in Asia and Africa.

IN : The Greek government also provided funding, which was expected to be recouped through the future sale of tickets to the Games and from the sale of the first Olympic commemorative stamp set.
OUT: The Greek government contributed funding, to be recovered through ticket sales and the sale of Olympic stamp sets.

IN : Human likenesses believed to have intelligence were built in every major civilization: animated cult images were worshipped in Egypt and Greece and humanoid automatons were built by Yan Shi, Hero of Alexandria and Al-Jazari.
OUT: Intelligent-looking figures were worshipped or built in major civilizations, including Egypt, Greece, and the Middle East (by Yan Shi, Hero of Alexandria and Al-Jazari).

IN : It is considered vandalism, which, under Wikipedia policy, can lead to a loss of editing privileges.
OUT: Vandalism can result in a loss of editing privileges under Wikipedia policy.

IN : Carlisle is located about 8 m south-southwest of Lowell, and 23 m northwest of Boston.
OUT: Carlisle is approximately 8 miles south-southwest of Lowell and 23 miles northwest of Boston.

IN : Techno is a form of electronic dance music (EDM) that emerged in Detroit, Michigan (USA) in the mid to late 1980s.
OUT: Techno is a type of electronic dance music originating in Detroit, Michigan, in the 1980s.

IN : The Welsh Springer Spaniel is a breed of dog and a member of the spaniel family.
OUT: A Welsh Springer Spaniel is a spaniel breed.

IN : Mr. T (born Laurence Tureaud May 21, 1951) is an American actor known for his roles as B. A. Baracus in the 1980s television series The A-Team, as boxer Clubber Lang in the 1982 film Rocky III, and for his appearances as a professional wrestler.
OUT: Mr. T is an American actor, known for his roles in The A-Team as B.A. Baracus, in Rocky III as boxer Clubber Lang, and as a professional wrestler.

IN : She was also an online shopping mall model, having been scouted after her photos were uploaded onto DSP's homepage.
OUT: She modeled for an online shopping mall after her photos were discovered on its website.

IN : Formerly a constituent college of the federal University of London, Imperial became fully independent in 2007, the 100th anniversary of its founding.
OUT: Imperial became independent from the federal University of London in 2007, marking its centenary.

IN : Traditionally, the order Ciconiiformes has included a variety of large, long-legged wading birds with large bills: storks, herons, egrets, ibises, spoonbills, and several others.
OUT: The order Ciconiiformes includes large, wading birds with long legs and big bills: storks, herons, egrets, ibises, spoonbills, etc.

IN : Nitro won the match and became ECW World Champion.
OUT: Nitro won and became ECW World Champion.

IN : The study of the workings of the body is physiology.
OUT: Physiology is the study of body functions.

IN : The terms are staggered so that either three or two commissioners (alternately) are up for election every two years.
OUT: The staggered terms ensure that either three or two commissioners are up for election every two years.

IN : She also held the titles of Princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Duchess in Saxony from birth, as well as a Princess of Teck by marriage, until 1917 when she was commanded to relinquish them by the Letters Patent of George V. She was godmother to Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands, who was the granddaughter of her first cousin, Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands.
OUT: She was born a princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Saxony, and Teck, and held these titles until 1917 when she was ordered

IN : Hercules replies that Zeus could make it work that way.
OUT: Hercules says Zeus could make it happen.

IN : The King supports him too, and the Knight and Elsa enter the church together.
OUT: A: The King, the Knight, and Elsa enter the church together, with the King's support.

IN : Anaktuvuk Pass is a city in North Slope Borough, Alaska, United States.
OUT: Anaktuvuk Pass is in North Slope Borough, Alaska, USA.

IN : Haynes played with the Globetrotters from 1947-1953.
OUT: Haynes performed with the Globetrotters from 1947 to 1953.

IN : Albany is also served by Samaritan North Albany Urgent Care and Geary Street Urgent Care, all are part of Samaritan Health Services.
OUT: Samaritan Health Services operates Urgent Care centers in Albany, including Samaritan North Albany Urgent Care and Geary Street Urgent Care.

IN : The last recorded oiran was in 1761.
OUT: The last recorded oiran was in 1761. (This sentence is already quite simple.)

IN : Brawn had won the drivers' and constructors' championships in the 2009 season, their only season as a team following their buy-out of the Honda Racing F1 team.
OUT: Brawn won the drivers' and constructors' championships in the 2009 season.

IN : In all cases, if a club is eligible to enter the UEFA Champions League then the Champions League place takes precedence and the club does not enter the UEFA Europa League.
OUT: If a club is eligible for the UEFA Champions League, it will prioritize that over the UEFA Europa League.

IN : The guess allows the hardware to prefetch instructions without waiting for the register read.
OUT: The hardware can prefetch instructions with the guess.

IN : This is a category for players who have played in the National Basketball Association for the Boston Celtics.
OUT: Category for ex-NBA players of Boston Celtics.

IN : Tony Danza (born Anthony Salvatore Iadanza; April 21, 1950) is an Italian-American actor best known for starring on the TV series Taxi and Who's the Boss?
OUT: Tony Danza is an Italian-American actor, best known for his roles on Taxi and Who's the Boss?

IN : The next day, Boris degenerated into a remnant low.
OUT: The next day, Boris weakened into a remnant low.

IN : The other benefit is that once the fire has gone through an area the tender shoots of the fast regenerating grasses attract wallabies into a clearly defined area.
OUT: The benefit: After a fire, grasses attract wallabies due to their fast regrowth.

IN : Lead (IV) acetate or lead tetraacetate is a chemical compound with chemical formula Pb (C2H3O2) 4 and is a lead salt of acetic acid. It is commercially available often stabilized with acetic acid.
OUT: Lead acetate, a lead salt of acetic acid with the chemical formula Pb(C2H3O2)4, is commercially available in a stabilized form with acetic acid.

IN : Cells found in a ganglion are called ganglion cells, though this term is also sometimes used to refer specifically to retinal ganglion cells.
OUT: Ganglion cells are neurons found in ganglia. The term can also refer to retinal ganglion cells.

IN : The song was written by Wendy Page, Jim Marr, D. Rambo and J. Richmond, and produced by Page and Marr for Billie's debut album Honey to the B (1998) .
OUT: The song was written by Wendy Page, Jim Marr and produced by them for Billie's debut album Honey to the B (1998).

IN : It is cultivated there and in Southeast Asia, where it was introduced by the Spanish in the 17th century.
OUT: It is cultivated in Southeast Asia and has been grown there since the 17th century, introduced by the Spanish.

IN : Current researchers find regulatory events at every conceivable level of the processes that express genetic information.
OUT: Researchers discover regulatory events at all levels of gene expression.

IN : In 1997, Lawless was named one of the "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" by People Weekly Magazine.
OUT: In 1997, People Weekly Magazine named Lawless one of the "50 Most Beautiful People."

IN : Named after Prince Albert and Queen Victoria, it was founded in 1852, and has since grown to now cover 12.5 a and 145 galleries.
OUT: The city, founded in 1852, is named after Prince Albert and Queen Victoria and now comprises 12.5 acres and 145 galleries.

IN : The Zimbabwe national football team, nicknamed The Warriors, is the national team of Zimbabwe and is controlled by the Zimbabwe Football Association.
OUT: Zimbabwe's national football team, known as The Warriors, is overseen by the Zimbabwe Football Association.

IN : After Triple H kicked out of a two-count, Cena locked him into the STFU. Triple H got to the ropes and went for another Pedigree, but was countered into the STFU again by Cena.
OUT: Triple H and Cena exchanged moves. Triple H kicked out of a pin attempt, and Cena applied the STFU. Triple H reached the ropes, but Cena countered another Pedigree attempt with another STFU.

IN : The word kofun is Japanese for the type of burial mounds dating from this era.
OUT: The word "kofun" refers to Japanese burial mounds from this era.

IN : The over-wide display has been caused by automatic extra-margin padding, as either: wider margin-right for class = wikitable, or wider margin-left for infoboxes.
OUT: The display is wider due to automatic padding for classes "wikitable" or infoboxes.

IN : Cormes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
OUT: Cormes is a commune in north-western France, in the Sarthe department of the Pays de la Loire region.

IN : It has one of the shortest spinal cords of any mammal, extending only as far as the thorax.
OUT: A mammal with one of the shortest spinal cords only extends to the thorax.

IN : Deinosuchus was probably capable of killing and eating large dinosaurs.
OUT: Deinosuchus could likely eat large dinosaurs.

IN : The award is named for Bobby Dodd, longtime head football coach at Georgia Tech and was established in 1976 to honor the values that Dodd exemplified.
OUT: The award honors Bobby Dodd, longtime Georgia Tech football coach, established in 1976.

IN : It moved rapidly to the west, and degenerated to a tropical wave the next day.
OUT: The tropical wave moved rapidly to the west the next day.

IN : This is especially true of the deliriants (e.g. datura) and dissociatives (e.g. salvia divinorum) .
OUT: The deliriants and dissociatives are particularly true for.

IN : As Augustus, he would retain the trappings of a restored Republican leader; however, historians generally view this consolidation of power and the adoption of these honorifics as the end of the Roman Republic and the beginning of the Roman Empire.
OUT: The Roman Republic ended and the Roman Empire began when Augustus consolidated power and adopted honorifics, appearing as a restored Republican leader.

IN : As a granddaughter of Queen Victoria in the male line, Princess Alice was entitled to use the Royal Arms, with a 5-point label as a difference, the central point bearing a cross gules, the others hearts gules.
OUT: Princess Alice was entitled to use the Royal Arms with a label of five points, each bearing a red heart or a red cross.

IN : The Camino Real traversed the mountain ranges of the Andes, with peak altitudes of more than 5000 m. El Camino de la Costa, the coastal trail, with a length of 4000 k, ran parallel to the sea and was linked with the Camino Real by many smaller routes.
OUT: The Camino Real and El Camino de la Costa are two different trails. The Camino Real crossed the Andes mountains with peaks over 5000 meters. El Camino de la Costa, a 4000 kilometer trail, ran parallel to the sea.

IN : When John Ostrom described it for Deinonychus in 1969, he interpreted the claw as a blade-like slashing weapon, much like the canines of some saber-toothed cats, used with powerful kicks to cut into prey.
OUT: John Ostrom described Deinonychus' claw as a blade-like weapon used for slashing with powerful kicks in 1969.

IN : The largely Sikh and Hindu East Punjab became part of the new nation of India while the largely Muslim West Punjab became part of the new nation of Pakistan.
OUT: The Sikh and Hindu areas of East Punjab joined India, while the Muslim areas of West Punjab became part of Pakistan.

IN : The Creation of Adam is a section of Michelangelo's fresco Sistine Chapel ceiling painted circa 1511.
OUT: Michelangelo painted The Creation of Adam on the Sistine Chapel ceiling around 1511.

IN : Vince McMahon, Rob Bartlett and "Macho Man" Randy Savage served as the original hosts of Raw.
OUT: Vince McMahon, Rob Bartlett, and Randy Savage originally hosted Raw.

IN : In some monarchies, such as the United Kingdom, an interregnum is usually avoided due to a rule described as "The King is dead. Long live the King" , i.e. the heir to the throne becomes a new monarch immediately on his predecessor's death or abdication.
OUT: The monarch is succeeded immediately upon death or abdication.

IN : The series storyline was finally concluded in Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots for the PlayStation 3.
OUT: Metal Gear Solid 4 concluded the series storyline.

IN : BBC Two was channel of the year in 2007.
OUT: BBC Two won the title of Channel of the Year in 2007.

IN : A professor at the University of Chicago, he has made contributions as an economist, as an applied mathematician, and as a political scientist.
OUT: A professor at the University of Chicago with expertise in economics, applied mathematics, and political science.

IN : During much of the time from 1971 to 1977, he also conducted the series of Young People's Concerts with the New York Philharmonic.
OUT: He conducted the Young People's Concerts with the New York Philharmonic from 1971 to 1977.

IN : Originally three communities, Cold Lake was formed by merging the Town of Grand Centre, the Town of Cold Lake, and Medley (Canadian Forces Base 4 Wing) on October 1, 1996.
OUT: The merged community of Cold Lake was formed on October 1, 1996, from the Town of Grand Centre, the Town of Cold Lake, and Medley (Canadian Forces Base 4 Wing).

IN : He won the French Prix de Rome in 1882, with his cantata Edith.
OUT: The French Prix de Rome is a prestigious art competition. In 1882, the cantata "Edith" brought him the victory.

IN : Quebec Autoroute.
OUT: Quebec Autoroute (system of highways in Quebec)

IN : When they return to camp, the Fleece is put on the tree.
OUT: At camp, they hang the Fleece on the tree.

IN : Argences is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France.
OUT: Argences is a commune in Calvados, France.

IN : Salt, also known as table salt, or rock salt, is a mineral that is composed primarily of sodium chloride.
OUT: Salt is a mineral mainly composed of sodium chloride.

IN : During WWII the Kingdom of Italy annexed, to the newly created Governatorato di Dalmazia, most of Dalmatia.
OUT: During WWII, Italy annexed most of Dalmatia to form the Governatorato di Dalmazia.

IN : The boy is not identified until the end of the story, when his place of birth is given as Norwich, Connecticut, and his name is given as Benedict Arnold.
OUT: Boy's identity is revealed as Benedict Arnold from Norwich, Connecticut, at story's end.

IN : Andreas "Andy" Brehme (born 9 November 1960 in Hamburg) is a German football coach and former football defender.
OUT: Andy Brehme is a German football coach and former defender. (born 9 November 1960 in Hamburg) has been removed.

IN : They were married on 22 June 2002.
OUT: They got married on June 22, 2002.

IN : After facing numerous rejections, Jeff Blue, now a vice president of A&R at Warner Bros. , intervened again to help the band sign with Warner Bros. .
OUT: Jeff Blue, a vice president of A&R at Warner Bros., intervened to help the band sign with the company.

IN : Consequently within most classifications there is a range of impairment.
OUT: A range of impairment exists in most classifications.

IN : The book\/movie The Da Vinci Code was expanded into more than 12 articles about that single subject.
OUT: The Da Vinci Code was the subject of over 12 articles.

IN : The bedstone does not turn.
OUT: The bedstone is stationary.

IN : Hauteville-Lompnes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
OUT: Hauteville-Lompnes is a commune in Ain, eastern France.

IN : Bolas (from Spanish bola, "ball" , also known as boleadoras, or Inca ayllo) are a throwing weapon superficially similar to the surujin, made of weights on the ends of interconnected cords, designed to capture animals by entangling their legs.
OUT: Bolas are throwing weapons with interconnected cords and weights that entangle animal legs.

IN : The Mintaka Pass was the main one used in ancient times until the fairly recent advance of glacier ice.
OUT: The Mintaka Pass was the primary one used in ancient times until recently, due to glacier advance.

IN : My-Otome is an anime series created by Sunrise.
OUT: My-Otome is an anime Sunrise created.

IN : Artists who participate in performing arts in front of an audience are called performers, including actors, comedians, dancers, magicians, musicians, and singers.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Artists who participate in performing arts in front of an audience are called performers, including actors, comedians, dancers, magicians, musicians, and singers. Performers are individuals who entertain an audience by performing in various forms of art.

IN : Although introduced fish have been found in most Australian waterways, none have been recorded in the Park.
OUT: None of the introduced fish have been recorded in the Park.

IN : I would have been perfectly happy to stay at Second City forever. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: I would have been perfectly happy to stay at Second City forever. ''I could have been content staying at Second City indefinitely.''

IN : The French form replaced Old English Breoton, Breoten, Bryten, Breten (also Breoton-lond, Breten-lond) .
OUT: The French word replaced Old English names Breton, Bryten, etc. for Britain.

IN : The term "alloy" is sometimes used in everyday speech as a synonym for a particular alloy. For example, automobile wheels made of an aluminium alloy are commonly referred to as simply "alloy wheels" , although in point of fact steels and most other metals in practical use are also alloys.
OUT: A common term for a specific alloy is "alloy" itself. For instance, alloy wheels are made of aluminum alloys, but other metals, including steel, are also alloys.

IN : According to the Flow Rate Technical Group, the leak amounted to about 4.9 million barrels (205.8 million gallons) of oil exceeding the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill as the largest ever to originate in U.S.-controlled waters and the 1979 Ixtoc I oil spill as the largest spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
OUT: The largest oil spill in U.S.-controlled waters and in the Gulf of Mexico occurred in 2010, releasing approximately 4.9 million barrels (205.8 million gall

IN : Green tea is ubiquitous in Japan and therefore is more commonly known simply as "tea" .
OUT: Green tea is commonly known as "tea" in Japan.

IN : A voluntary association or union (also sometimes called a voluntary organization, unincorporated association, or just an association) is a group of individuals who enter into an agreement as volunteers to form a body (or organization) to accomplish a purpose.
OUT: A group of individuals forms an organization to achieve a purpose through voluntary agreement.

IN : Barium nitrate mixed with aluminium powder, a formula for flash powder, is highly explosive.
OUT: Barium nitrate and aluminum powder make up flash powder, which is highly explosive.

IN : In October and November 2005, it gained national and international attention as one of the focuses of the French suburb riots.
OUT: The French suburb riots in October and November 2005 gained national and international attention.

IN : Nobutoshi Kaneda is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Nobutoshi Kaneda was a Japanese football player.

IN : They live in small family colonies of up to 24 individuals, usually a breeding pair, their offspring, and sometimes an unrelated extra male or two.
OUT: The small family colonies consist of up to 24 individuals, including a breeding pair, their offspring, and sometimes extra unrelated males.

IN : Tyson jumped into the ring to make a quick three count and the new champion celebrated by tossing the enforcer an Austin 3:16 t-shirt.
OUT: Tyson jumped into the ring to win the title, then the new champion celebrated by giving him a t-shirt.

IN : The British Rail Class 322 electric multiple units were built by BREL in 1990.
OUT: British Rail Class 322 electric trains were built by BREL in 1990.

IN : The California Tiger Salamander (Ambystoma californiense) , the Barred Tiger Salamander (Ambystoma mavortium) , and the Plateau Tiger Salamander (Ambystoma velasci) , were all once subspecies of A. tigrinum, but are now considered separate species.
OUT: Three tiger salamander species used to be considered subspecies of A. tigrinum but are now recognized as distinct: California Tiger Salamander (Ambystoma californiense), Barred Tiger Salamander (Ambystoma m

IN : The El Gato Negro characters were created by comic book artist and writer Richard Dominguez, both making their first published appearance in El Gato Negro # 1 (October 1993) published under Dominguez's own Azteca Productions imprint. The original series followed the adventures of Francisco Guerrero, a social worker living in Edinburg, Texas and grandson to the original El Gato Negro, who adopted his grandfather's former nom de guerre in order to avenge the death of his best friend.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The El Gato Negro characters were created by comic book artist and writer Richard Dominguez, both making their first published appearance in El Gato Negro # 1 (October 1993) published under Dominguez's own Azteca Productions imprint. The original series followed the adventures of Francisco Guerrero, a social worker living in Edinburg, Texas and grandson to the original El Gato Negro, who adopted his grandfather's former nom de guerre in order to avenge the death of his best friend. The series was known for its gritty realism and socially relevant themes, often dealing with issues such

IN : Several Finno-Ugric Sami languages are spoken and written throughout the country, especially in the north, by the Sami people.
OUT: The Sami people speak and write several Finno-Ugric languages in the country, particularly in the north.

IN : Emperor Buretsu was the 25th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
OUT: Emperor Buretsu was the 25th Japanese emperor, in the traditional line of succession.

IN : His playing style and ability have drawn comparisons to Diego Maradona, who himself declared Messi his "successor" .
OUT: His playing style and ability are like Diego Maradona's; Maradona called Messi his "successor."

IN : Dwarfism is short stature resulting from a particular medical condition. It is sometimes defined as an adult height of less than 4 feet 10 inches (147 cm) , although this definition is problematic because short stature in itself is not a disorder.
OUT: Dwarfism is a medical condition causing short stature, typically less than 4 feet 10 inches (147 cm).

IN : These stations are in Travelcard Zone 1.
OUT: These stations are in Zone 1.

IN : The width of the slide rule is quoted in terms of the nominal width of the scales.
OUT: A slide rule's width is given in terms of its scale widths.

IN : In 2006, India and the US agreed to enhance cooperation between law enforcement agencies of the two countries in tackling cyber crimes as part of counter-terrorism efforts.
OUT: In 2006, India and the US agreed to strengthen cyber crime fighting cooperation between their law enforcement agencies as a counter-terrorism measure.

IN : Candidiasis is a very common cause of vaginal irritation, or vaginitis, and can also occur on the male genitals.
OUT: Candidiasis causes vaginal and genital irritation in both males and females.

IN : The adjacent Splash Island water park opened in 2005, along with the Galaxy Spin roller coaster.
OUT: Splash Island water park and Galaxy Spin roller coaster opened in 2005.

IN : During Bhutto's regime, Mansehra was upgraded to a district, containing two subdivisions: Mansehra and Batagram. Later, the Mansehra district had the Balakot subdivision added to it.
OUT: During Bhutto's rule, Mansehra became a district with three subdivisions: Mansehra, Batagram, and Balakot.

IN : The actual portion of the template that gets substed or transcluded can go here, without the square brackets, and it is not displayed on the template.)
OUT: The portion of a template that gets substituted or transcluded can be placed here, without the brackets, and it is not displayed on the template.

IN : The Agnatha are ectothermic or cold blooded, with a cartilaginous skeleton, and the heart contains 2 chambers.
OUT: Agnatha are cold-blooded with cartilaginous skeletons and two-chambered hearts.

IN : North of Albany, I-87 is named the Adirondack Northway.
OUT: North of Albany, I-87 is called the Adirondack Northway.

IN : New name lists are used every year, whilst a name is normally only used once so thus no names are retired.
OUT: New name lists are used every year, while names are only used once and therefore are not retired.

IN : Its capital and largest city is Chennai.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Its capital and largest city is Chennai. Chennai is the capital and largest city of India's Tamil Nadu state. Therefore, the simplified sentence is: Chennai is the capital and largest city of Tamil Nadu.

IN : During World War II, Nuremberg was the headquarters of Wehrkreis (military district) XIII, and an important site for military production, including airplanes, submarines, and tank engines.
OUT: Nuremberg served as the headquarters of Military District XIII and was a significant production center for aircraft, submarines, and tank engines during World War II.

IN : Wolfgang Weber (born 26 June 1944) was a footballer best remembered for scoring the last-minute equaliser for West Germany in the 1966 World Cup final.
OUT: Weber scored the last-minute equalizer for West Germany in the 1966 World Cup final.

IN : The king awarded Sopron by elevating it to the rank of free royal town.
OUT: The king made Sopron a free royal town.

IN : Blockton is a city in Taylor County, Iowa, United States.
OUT: Blockton is a city in Iowa, USA.

IN : Sometimes they may also say "ee-sa" because the final "t" in her name was a feminine suffix, which is known to have been dropped in speech during the last stages of the Egyptian language.
OUT: They might say "ee-sa" instead of her name's final "t".

IN : The German-speaking scientists who isolated and described vitamin K (in addition to naming it as such) did so because the vitamin is intimately involved in the Koagulation of blood following wounding.
OUT: German scientists discovered and named vitamin K, which plays a crucial role in blood clotting after injuries.

IN : A total of $ 63,000 was awarded in prize money across all the events.
OUT: $63,000 was awarded in prize money across all events.

IN : Tranquillo Barnetta (born 22 May 1985 in St. Gallen) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bayer Leverkusen and the Swiss national team.
OUT: Born in St. Gallen, Switzerland, Tranquillo Barnetta is a midfielder for Bayer Leverkusen and the Swiss national team.

IN : He has played for Japan national team.
OUT: He plays for Japan's national team.

IN : After the EBRD was established, he became a member of its Economic Advisory Board, where he stayed until 1993.
OUT: He joined the Economic Advisory Board of the EBRD from 1990 to 1993.

IN : Halls of Fame, locations where persons or groups are recognized for excellence or success in their career.
OUT: The Halls of Fame honor individuals or groups for their excellence or success in their careers.

IN : It is one of the first North American bird species to lay eggs, and normally has two to three broods per breeding season, which lasts from April to July.
OUT: One of the first North American bird species to lay eggs, it typically has two to three broods per breeding season, which spans from April to July.

IN : The direct enharmonic equivalent of A-sharp minor is B-flat minor.
OUT: A: A-sharp minor is equivalent to B-flat minor.

IN : Hasbro also made different accent voices.
OUT: Hasbro created various accent voices.

IN : Crowe won the Academy Award for Best Actor for Gladiator in 2001 and has received three Academy Award nominations for Best Actor in a Leading Role: The Insider (1999) , Gladiator (2000) and A Beautiful Mind (2001) .
OUT: Crowe won three Academy Award nominations for Best Actor (for The Insider, Gladiator, and A Beautiful Mind) and won for Gladiator in 2001.

IN : Leibniz noticed that in many mechanical systems (of several masses, mi each with velocity vi) ,
OUT: The sum of the velocities of several masses in mechanical systems is constant, according to Leibniz's observation. (Simplified)

IN : Luigi Fagioli is the oldest winner of a Formula One Grand Prix; he was 53 years and 22 days old when he won the 1951 French Grand Prix.
OUT: Luigi Fagioli was the oldest Formula One winner, at 53 years and 22 days old, when he won the 1951 French Grand Prix.

IN : The New Yorker published a correction in February 2007, which brought the issue to broader public attention.
OUT: A correction in The New Yorker, published in February 2007, drew wider attention to the issue.

IN : Poaching significantly reduced the population of Loxodonta in certain regions during the 20th century.
OUT: The population of certain Loxodonta regions was significantly reduced by poaching during the 20th century.

IN : Livingstone applied for readmittance to the Labor Party in 2002 but was rejected.
OUT: Livingstone sought readmission to the Labor Party in 2002, but was denied.

IN : In 1924, Simon's aunt, a crossword puzzle devotee, asked Simon whether there was a book of these puzzles that she could give to a friend. Simon discovered that none had been published, and, with Schuster, launched a company to exploit the opportunity.
OUT: In 1924, Simon, inspired by his aunt's love for crossword puzzles, discovered there was no published book on the subject. He started a company with Schuster to fill this gap in the market.

IN : Toward the end of his career, he played about 2,000 innings at third base and about 1,175 innings in the outfield, excelling at both.
OUT: Around 2,000 innings were spent by him at third base near the end of his career, and approximately 1,175 innings were spent in the outfield, demonstrating exceptional skill in both positions.

IN : In mathematics, associativity is a property of some binary operations.
OUT: Associativity is a property of certain binary operations in mathematics.

IN : `` Then turned He to the sky (space) when it was smoke, and said unto it and unto the earth: Come both of you, willingly or loth.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: `` Then turned He to the sky (space) when it was smoke, and said unto it and unto the earth: Come both of you, willingly or loth. Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let the birds multiply in the earth. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said: Let there be light: and there was light. And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness. And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening, and there was morning--one day

IN : The apartment buildings are often arranged around courtyards that are open at one end. A garden apartment has some characteristics of a townhouse: each apartment has its own building entrance, or just a few apartments share a small foyer or stairwell at each building entrance.
OUT: The apartment buildings surround shared courtyards, some residents

IN : The technical term "IEEE 802.11" has been used interchangeably with Wi-Fi, but over the past few years Wi-Fi has become a superset of IEEE 802.11.
OUT: Wi-Fi now includes IEEE 802.11.

IN : The term C2 is actually an abbreviation.
OUT: C2 is an abbreviation.

IN : Priez is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Priez is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department.

IN : Before 1991, the mountain was inconspicuous and heavily eroded.
OUT: A: The mountain was inconspicuous and heavily eroded before 1991.

IN : D.C. , Maryland, and Virginia editions are printed for daily circulation.
OUT: The editions for daily circulation in D.C., Maryland, and Virginia are printed.

IN : It is owned by the South Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive (SYPTE) , who own the infrastructure, and Stagecoach who operate and maintain the vehicles.
OUT: The South Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive (SYPTE) owns the infrastructure, while Stagecoach operates and maintains the vehicles.

IN : Bomis hosted Nupedia in 2000, and Larry Sanger was hired to manage and edit that project.
OUT: In 2000, Larry Sanger managed and edited Nupedia, which was hosted by Bomis.

IN : The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth's oceanic divisions. It extends from the Arctic in the north to the Southern Ocean in the south, bounded by Asia and Australia in the west, and the Americas in the east.
OUT: The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth's oceans.

IN : The generated citation looks like this:
OUT: The citation looks like this: (Smith, 2010) or (Smith, 2010, p.) depending on whether the page number is needed.

IN : Rui Campos or Rui (2 August 1922 -- 2 January 2002) was a Brazilian football player.
OUT: Rui Campos was a Brazilian football player (born 1922, died 2002).

IN : The origin of Freud's early work with psychoanalysis can be linked to Josef Breuer.
OUT: Freud's early work with psychoanalysis was influenced by Josef Breuer.

IN : Due to China's one-child policy, many families lost their only child when schools in the region collapsed during the earthquake.
OUT: China's one-child policy caused many families to lose their only child during the earthquake.

IN : Each of these volumes is the image of a pair of cells in the 16-cell.
OUT: Each volume represents a pair of cells in the 16-cell.

IN : Thompson finished the playoff series with 1.23 goals-against average, despite a losing record.
OUT: Thompson had a 1.23 goals-against average in the playoffs.

IN : The goal is to become a "zoo tycoon" .
OUT: A person aims to be a zoo owner.

IN : He currently plays for Avispa Fukuoka in the J. League.
OUT: He plays for Avispa Fukuoka in the J. League.

IN : He was educated at the Royal Naval School in Greenwich.
OUT: He attended the Royal Naval School in Greenwich.

IN : Bruys is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: The commune of Bruys is in the department of Aisne, in Picardy, northern France.

IN : He has taught the Russian language and Slavic literature at Tulane University and the University of New Orleans, and was president of the Louisiana Association of Professors of Slavic and Eastern European languages.
OUT: He taught Russian language and Slavic literature at Tulane University and the University of New Orleans, and served as president of the Louisiana Association of Slavic and Eastern European language professors.

IN : Three well-known individuals drew up plans for the Zoo: Samuel Langley, third Secretary of the Smithsonian; William T. Hornaday, noted conservationist and head of the Smithsonian's vertebrate division; and Frederick Law Olmsted, the premier landscape architect of his day.
OUT: Three prominent figures designed the Zoo: Samuel Langley (Smithsonian third secretary), William T. Hornaday (conservationist, head of Smithsonian's vertebrate division), and Frederick Law Olmsted (premier landscape architect).

IN : Shaw was impressed with Pascal's youthful enthusiasm for art and his bravado and invited him to come visit him one day when he was entirely broke.
OUT: Shaw was impressed by Pascal's youthful enthusiasm for art and invited him to visit when he had no money.

IN : In January 2006, after touring in support of Siren Song of the Counter Culture, Rise Against recorded their fourth studio album at the Blasting Room studio in Fort Collins, Colorado with producers Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore.
OUT: Rise Against recorded their fourth album, Siren Song of the Counter Culture, at the Blasting Room studio in Fort Collins, Colorado with producers Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore, in January 2006.

IN : This crisis and the civil wars which followed brought an end to the Republic and led to the foundation of the Empire under Augustus in 27 BC.
OUT: The crisis and civil wars ending the Republic led to the founding of the Empire under Augustus in 27 BC.

IN : As the Murrumbidgee passes downstream, the water and soil become more saline.
OUT: The Murrumbidgee river makes the water and soil downstream more saline.

IN : All trace of the station has been removed, although a loading bank is still standing.
OUT: The loading bank is the only remaining part of the station.

IN : Flannery was named Australian of the Year in 2007 and is presently a professor at Macquarie University.
OUT: Flannery, an Australian professor, was named Australian of the Year in 2007.

IN : Although it peaked at only # 148 on the Billboard Hot 200, this was a significant success compared to the first two.
OUT: The first two had less success, so reaching #148 on the Billboard Hot 200 was a notable achievement.

IN : Bangui, being in the south of the country and thus closest to the equator, is slightly hotter and wetter than the northern parts of the country.
OUT: Bangui is hotter and wetter than northern parts of the country due to its location closer to the equator.

IN : Bourguignon-sous-Coucy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Bourguignon-sous-Coucy is a commune in northern France's Aisne department.

IN : Vaubadon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: The commune of Vaubadon is in the Calvados department, which is part of the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.

IN : On 31 December 2010, the EBU confirmed forty-three countries will be competing in the 2011 Contest.
OUT: The EBU will confirm forty-three countries for the 2011 Contest on December 31, 2010.

IN : The report called the bulletin "a significant moment for the NWS during Katrina," as its detailed and explicit language did not have any previous precedent (though the message was based on a template designed by the Tampa Weather Office in the 1990s) .
OUT: Significant moment for the NWS during Katrina (the report described the bulletin in this way, with no precedent for such detailed language).

IN : If the second set of parameters is not included, it will return the number of full years between a specified date and today's date.
OUT: If no second set of parameters is provided, the function returns the number of full years between the given date and the current date.

IN : For example, tree placement in the Jungle zone changes each time a new game is begun, but the start location will not, and the Jungle zone stays adjacent to the same areas.
OUT: Example: The Jungle zone's tree placement varies, but its location remains constant.

IN : Commerce is a city in Ottawa County, Oklahoma, United States.
OUT: Commerce is a city in Oklahoma, United States (in Ottawa County).

IN : It was Kwok's first Golden Horse nomination and beat veteran Hong Kong star Tony Leung Ka-fai to win the honor.
OUT: Kwok won the Golden Horse award for the first time, surpassing Tony Leung Ka-fai.

IN : McCartney had written the piece as a wistful recollection of his younger years, which included riding the bus to school, smoking, and going to class.
OUT: McCartney wrote the piece as a nostalgic reflection of his youth, which involved taking the bus to school, smoking, and attending classes.

IN : There are two stipendiary magistrates, the High Bailiff and the Deputy High Bailiff, along with lay Justices of the Peace.
OUT: Two stipendiary magistrates, the High Bailiff and the Deputy High Bailiff, serve alongside lay Justices of the Peace.

IN : Ceratopsians, such as Pachyrhinosaurus, Styracosaurus, Centrosaurus Monoclonius, Brachyceratops, Pentaceratops, and Leptoceratops also existed.
OUT: Ceratopsians, including Pachyrhinosaurus, Styracosaurus, Centrosaurus, Monoclinius, Brachyceratops, Pentaceratops, and Leptoceratops, existed.

IN : Deflagration is different from detonation (which is supersonic and propagates through shock compression) .
OUT: Deflagration is slower than detonation.

IN : Instead, Pompey waited Caesar's troops out, attempting to starve them by cutting off Caesar's supply lines. Caesar made a near disastrous attack on Pompey's camp at Dyrrhachium and was forced to pull away.
OUT: Pompey tried to starve Caesar's troops by cutting off their supply lines, but Caesar attacked Pompey's camp at Dyrrhachium and then defeated Pompey at Phars

IN : He is the director of the Star Wars: The Clone Wars feature film, and the supervising director of the Star Wars: The Clone Wars TV series.
OUT: The director of Star Wars: The Clone Wars (feature film and TV series)

IN : Each station was decorated with tiled motifs in seating recesses to help identify the station.
OUT: Each station was decorated with identifying tiled motifs.

IN : Shepton Mallet is in the Mendip local government district which is part of the county of Somerset.
OUT: Shepton Mallet is in Somerset.

IN : The Buick Enclave is a full-size crossover SUV launched in May 2007 as a 2008 model by the Buick division of General Motors.
OUT: The Buick Enclave is a full-size SUV introduced in 2008 by General Motors' Buick division.

IN : If the buttons for floors 5, 2, and 4 are pressed in that order with the elevator starting on floor 1, an old elevator would go to the floors in the order requested.
OUT: A simple elevator follows the order of button presses.

IN : The UMP was founded as a merger of the Gaullist-conservative Rally for the Republic (RPR) , the conservative-liberal Liberal Democracy (DL) , a sizeable portion of the centrist Union for French Democracy (UDF) , more precisely the UDF's Christian Democrats (such as Philippe Douste-Blazy and Jacques Barrot) , the social-liberal Radical Party and the centrist Popular Party for French Democracy (both associate parties of the UDF until 2002) .
OUT: The UMP was founded by the merger of Gaullist-conserv

IN : The plot of the film is set in the twenty-third century, when a mysterious and immensely powerful alien cloud called V ` Ger approaches the Earth, destroying everything in its path.
OUT: The alien cloud V ` Ger approaches Earth in the 23rd century, destroying all in its path.

IN : The film was produced for $ 30 million and shot on location in Chiawelo, Soweto, presenting fictional interviews, news footage, and video from surveillance cameras in a part-mock documentary style format.
OUT: A $30 million film was made in Chiawelo, Soweto, using a part-mock documentary style with fictional interviews, news footage, and surveillance camera video.

IN : Newport Pagnell became the headquarters of Newport Pagnell Rural District under the Local Government Act 1894. In 1897 Newport Pagnell became the sole civil parish comprising the newly created Newport Pagnell Urban District.
OUT: Newport Pagnell was designated as the headquarters of Newport Pagnell Rural District under the Local Government Act 1894. In 1897, it became the sole civil parish of Newport Pagnell Urban District.

IN : Kazuki Nakajima is a Formula One driver from Japan who drove for the Williams-Toyota team from to.
OUT: Kazuki Nakajima is a Japanese Formula One driver who raced for Williams-Toyota from to.

IN : He joined the engineering faculty and the physics faculty at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1951. He was Professor of Electrical Engineering and of Physics at Illinois.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: He joined the engineering faculty and the physics faculty at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1951. He was Professor of Electrical Engineering and of Physics at Illinois.

IN : After serving in several party offices, he was appointed Minister of the Interior by Chancellor Willy Brandt, whose Social Democratic Party was in coalition with the FDP, in 1969; in 1974, he became foreign minister and Vice Chancellor.
OUT: He became the Minister of the Interior in 1969 under Chancellor Willy Brandt and later served as Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor in 1974.

IN : Lessons can also be made entertaining.
OUT: Lessons can be entertaining.

IN : The best were takes 13 and 15, which were edited together on 3 July.
OUT: The best took places 13 and 15, which were edited together on 3 July.

IN : A remix of "Banquet" by The Streets, as well as a music video for the song, were included in the "Two More Years" single.
OUT: The single included a remix of "Banquet" by The Streets and a music video for the song.

IN : Oh, I'd relieve all right, plenty of times, but I went right from the bench to the box, and I'd take a few warm-up pitches and be ready.
OUT: I could have relieved multiple times, but I went directly from the bench to the pitcher's box and was ready after a few warm-up pitches.

IN : The lanthanide or lanthanoid (IUPAC nomenclature) series comprises the fifteen elements with atomic numbers 57 through 71, from lanthanum to lutetium.
OUT: The series consists of the fifteen elements with atomic numbers 57 to 71: lanthanum through lutetium.

IN : He was the inspiration for the character Ogie Ogilthorpe in the 1977 film Slap Shot.
OUT: Ogie Ogilthorpe character in Slap Shot was inspired by him.

IN : When You Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work, You may not impose any effective technological measures on the Work that restrict the ability of a recipient of the Work from You to exercise the rights granted to that recipient under the terms of the License.
OUT: You may not impose technological restrictions on the work when distributing or publicly performing it.

IN : Gary Glitter (born Paul Francis Gadd; 8 May 1944) is an English former glam rock singer-songwriter and musician.
OUT: Gary Glitter is a former English glam rock singer-songwriter and musician.

IN : Removing a page from your watchlist also removes its talk page.
OUT: Removing a page from your watchlist eliminates its talk page.

IN : During World War I, the medal was awarded to military personnel, units above the level of company and civilians for exceptional valor in the face of the enemy.
OUT: Exceptional valor was awarded to military personnel, units above company level and civilians during World War I.

IN : Timberlake also co-wrote and performed on "Carry Out" , the third single from Timbaland's album Shock Value II, released on December 1, 2009.
OUT: Timberlake contributed to "Carry Out" on Timbaland's Shock Value II album, released in December 2009.

IN : The first player to score 100 or more points wins.
OUT: The player with 100 or more points wins.

IN : Bracha Peli (1892-1986) was the owner of Massada, a publishing company in Israel, and the driving force behind the publication of The General Encyclopedia and Encyclopaedia Hebraica.
OUT: Bracha Peli (1892-1986) published The General Encyclopedia and Encyclopaedia Hebraica through her company, Massada, in Israel.

IN : He attended the British School at Rome from 1965-1966, and received his PhD in 1968 from the University of Nottingham.
OUT: The British School at Rome was where he studied from 1965-1966, and he earned his PhD from the University of Nottingham in 1968.

IN : The attempt by one country to unilaterally impose itself on the rest of the world is not only undesirable but simply wo n't work. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The attempt by one country to unilaterally impose itself on the rest of the world is not only undesirable but simply wo n't work. ''Attempting unilateral imposition on the world is undesirable and won't work.''

IN : Hydrography's origin lies in the making of chart like drawings and notations made by individual mariners.
OUT: Hydrography began with mariners creating chart drawings and notations.

IN : The players eliminated would make the "walk of shame" and into the "Lame-o-sine" , where they leave the movie studio.
OUT: The eliminated players would leave the movie studio in shame.

IN : Proposition: If is a countable set for each then is countable.
OUT: If every set in a countable collection is countable, then the collection itself is countable.

IN : Under the pre-1973 British Rail numbering system, the class was known as AM5.
OUT: The class was called AM5 under the old British Rail numbering system.

IN : 2003 (MMIII) was a common year that started on a Wednesday, according to the Gregorian calendar.
OUT: The year 2003 was a common year starting on a Wednesday.

IN : It was the first Sun-like star, other than the Sun, found to have a planet orbiting it, a discovery that was announced in 1995.
OUT: The first Sun-like star, excluding the Sun, to host a planet was identified in 1995.

IN : He heads the Heatherwick Studio, which he founded in 1994.
OUT: He founded Heatherwick Studio in 1994 and leads it.

IN : Details of this country are included within the article "Land of Israel," and it is stated in the beginning of the article that in the Hebrew language, the phrase includes the "land of Israel" on both sides of the Jordan River.
OUT: The article "Land of Israel" covers information about the country, which, according to its Hebrew title, extends beyond the Jordan River.

IN : Ignacio ` Nacho' Insa Bohigues (born 9 June 1986 in Cocentaina, Alicante, Valencian Community) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Villarreal CF B in the Spanish second division, as a midfielder.
OUT: Ignacio 'Nacho' Bohigues is a Spanish midfielder for Villarreal CF B in the second division. (born 9 June 1986 in Cocentaina, Alicante)

IN : On the administrative level the island of Dejima was part of the city of Nagasaki.
OUT: The island of Dejima was part of Nagasaki city.

IN : Kuwait was pumping large amounts of oil, and thus keeping prices low, when Iraq needed to sell high-priced oil from its wells to pay off a huge debt.
OUT: Kuwait produced a lot of oil, driving down prices, while Iraq needed to sell expensive oil to pay off debt.

IN : Sextus Empiricus (c. A.D. 200) , the main authority for Greek skepticism, developed the position further, incorporating aspects of empiricism into the basis for asserting knowledge.
OUT: Sextus Empiricus (around A.D. 200) was the primary Greek skeptic, who expanded the philosophy by combining it with empiricist principles.

IN : The success of the game revived the genre and spawned two hugely successful franchises in Guitar Hero and the later Rock Band.
OUT: The genre was revived by the game's success, leading to the creation of Guitar Hero and Rock Band franchises.

IN : On April 8, 2007, The Lightning Thief was ranked ninth on The New York Times Best Seller list for children's books.
OUT: The Lightning Thief was ninth on The New York Times children's bestseller list in April 2007.

IN : On 23 June 2010, after meetings throughout the evening between Gillard and Prime Minister Kevin Rudd, as well as factional leaders, Rudd addressed the waiting media at 10:30 pm AEST and announced that Gillard had asked him to hold a leadership ballot in the 115-member caucus the following day to determine the leadership of the Labor Party and hence the prime ministership of Australia.
OUT: On 23 June 2010, Kevin Rudd announced that a leadership ballot would be held the next day to determine the Labor Party leader and

IN : He was the eighth of eight emperors without specific legends associated with them, also known as the "eight undocumented monarchs" .
OUT: The eight undocumented monarchs were he.

IN : The lira da braccio (or lyra de bracio) was a European bowed string instrument of the Renaissance.
OUT: The lira da braccio was a European Renaissance bowed string instrument.

IN : Dunham was nicknamed Anna, later known as Dr. Stanley Ann Dunham Soetoro, and finally Ann Dunham Sutoro.
OUT: Anna Dunham was known as Dr. Stanley Ann Dunham Soetoro and later as Ann Dunham Sutoro.

IN : In a 2006 letter to Nature, Mann, Bradley and Hughes pointed out that their original article had said that "more widespread high-resolution data are needed before more confident conclusions can be reached" and that the uncertainties were "the point of the article."
OUT: Mann, Bradley, and Hughes acknowledged the need for more data in their 2006 letter to Nature.

IN : By the turn of the century, the American response was represented by the debate between the American novelist and critic William Dean Howells and the writer and humorist Mark Twain.
OUT: The debate between William Dean Howells and Mark Twain represented the American response by the turn of the century.

IN : Its full name is the Beaufort Wind Force Scale.
OUT: The Beaufort Wind Force Scale's full name is Beaufort Wind Force Scale.

IN : No further edits should be made to this page.
OUT: No more edits are needed for this page.

IN : For example, February 274 will be interpreted as February 27, 2004.
OUT: February 274 is equivalent to February 27, 2004.

IN : On January 3, 2008, Microsoft announced that Halo 3 has sold 8.1 million copies.
OUT: Microsoft announced Halo 3 sold 8.1 million copies on January 3, 2008.

IN : If a few investors do wish to withdraw their money in accordance with the terms allowed, the requests are usually promptly processed, which gives the illusion to all other investors that the fund is solvent.
OUT: A few investors, when they choose to, can withdraw their money promptly, creating an illusion of solvency for the fund.

IN : Robert von Steiglitz first settled the area in 1838, who named the area after Ballan in Ireland.
OUT: The area was first settled by Robert von Steiglitz in 1838 and named after Ballan in Ireland.

IN : Dottikon is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
OUT: Dottikon is a Swiss municipality in the district of Bremgarten.

IN : Instructions are below.
OUT: Instructions below. Follow carefully for best results.

IN : Some later sauropterygians like the pliosaurs developed a similar mechanism in their pelvis.
OUT: Pliosaurs and some sauropterygians had a similar pelvic mechanism.

IN : Turgo and Crossflow turbines were later impulse designs.
OUT: Impulse Turgo and Crossflow turbines were developed later.

IN : A Lego minifigure is a small plastic figurine available as part of the construction toy Lego, produced by Danish toy manufacturer the Lego Group.
OUT: A Lego minifigure is a small plastic figure from Lego.

IN : Like the anime, it was also divided into 2 seasons: First season is set 15 years before the anime series, while second season is set 10 years after season one.
OUT: The anime is divided into two seasons. The first season is set 15 years before the anime series, while the second season is set 10 years after the first.

IN : Robinson's campaign was boosted by a lack of organization in the main opposition party: Fine Gael.
OUT: Robenison's campaign gained an advantage due to Fine Gael's disorganization.

IN : The Bali Nine is the name given to a group of nine Australians arrested on 17 April 2005, in Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia, in a plan to smuggle 8.3 k of heroin valued at approximately A$ 4 million from Indonesia to Australia.
OUT: Nine Australians were arrested in Bali, Indonesia on 17 April 2005, for attempting to smuggle 8.3 kgs of heroin worth around A$ 4 million to Australia.

IN : Termen is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
OUT: Termen is a Swiss municipality in the district of Brig.

IN : Alpuri Tehsil is an administrative sub division (tehsil) of Shangla District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
OUT: Alpuri Tehsil is a subdivision of Shangla District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

IN : Cacao is commercially valued as the source of cocoa and chocolate.
OUT: Cacao is the source of cocoa and chocolate in commerce.

IN : language, affectionately known as "wikipuke" .
OUT: Language, often called "wikipuke."

IN : It was instantly successful, winning the Pulitzer Prize, and has become a classic of modern American literature.
OUT: 2. It won the Pulitzer Prize and has become a classic of modern American literature.

IN : Until the birth of Prince Hisahito, son of Prince Akishino, on September 6, 2006, there was a potential succession problem, since Prince Akishino was the only male child to be born into the imperial family since 1965.
OUT: The potential succession problem existed before Prince Hisahito's birth in 2006.

IN : She even began utilizing Stratus' signature finishing moves as her own during matches.
OUT: She adopted Stratus' finishing moves for her matches.

IN : As of, the article count is articles, with total revisions, giving an average of' revisions per article.
OUT: The article count is (articles), with a total of (revisions), resulting in an average of (revisions/article).

IN : Ollezy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: The commune of Ollezy is in the Aisne department, which is in Picardy, in northern France.

IN : An extinct language is a language that no longer has any speakers.
OUT: A language that is extinct no longer has any speakers.

IN : In June 1969, the Weatherman took control of the SDS at its national convention, where Ayers was elected Education Secretary.
OUT: The Weatherman gained control of the SDS during its June 1969 national convention, and Ayers became the Education Secretary.

IN : Wheelwright is a city in Floyd County, Kentucky, United States.
OUT: Wheelwright is a city in Floyd County, Kentucky, USA. (This sentence is already simplified.)

IN : Place: Antwerp, on the Scheldt.
OUT: Antwerp is in Belgium on the Scheldt River. The event taking place there on October 15, 2013, is the Antwerp Marathon.

IN : It is part of the Province of Canterbury.
OUT: This is in Canterbury Province. (assuming "it" refers to a specific location)

IN : Tetraphobia is an aversion to or fear of the number.
OUT: The number four.

IN : Awami Muslim League was formed in June 2008.
OUT: The Awami Muslim League was founded in June 2008.

IN : For example, searching for Katy Perry on www.billboard.com will lead to http://www.billboard.com/#/artist/katy-perry/958673.
OUT: A search for Katy Perry on billboard.com results in this URL: http://www.billboard.com/#/artist/katy-perry/958673.

IN : Tempera, also known as egg tempera, is a permanent fast drying painting medium consisting of colored pigment mixed with a water-soluble binder medium (usually a glutinous material such as egg yolk or some other size) . Tempera also refers to the paintings done in this medium.
OUT: Tempera, or egg tempera, is a permanent, fast-drying painting medium made by mixing colored pigments with a water-soluble binder like egg yolk. It's also the name for paintings created using this method.

IN : The area is dominated by the former Bankside Power Station, now used as the Tate Modern. A major new development in the area is the Bankside 1\/2\/3 complex on Southwark Street.
OUT: The former Bankside Power Station is the dominant feature in the area, now housing the Tate Modern. A new development, Bankside 1/2/3, is located on Southwark Street.

IN : The term was coined by merging the name for the two orders, Cetacea and Artiodactyla, into a single word.
OUT: The term was formed by combining Cetacea and Artiodactyla.

IN : Dinoflagellates sometimes bloom in concentrations of more than a million cells per millilitre.
OUT: Dinoflagellates can reach populations of over a million cells per millilitre.

IN : According to some reports, Hopetoun is credited with pressuring the government to speed up government work projects.
OUT: Hopetoun is reported to have pressured the government to speed up projects.

IN : By July 1779, Arnold was providing the British with troop locations and strengths, as well as the locations of supply depots, all the while negotiating over compensation.
OUT: Arned supplied the British with troop locations, strengths, and supply depot locations by July 1779, while negotiating compensation.

IN : As his "own alternative to cyberpunk," Rucker developed a writing style he terms Transrealism.
OUT: Rucker coined the term Transrealism to describe his unique writing style.

IN : The population was 144 at the 2000 census.
OUT: The population was 144 people in the 2000 census.

IN : Hurricane Kiko made landfall on the Gulf of California side of the Baja California Peninsula.
OUT: Hurricane Kiko hit the Gulf of California coast of Baja California Peninsula.

IN : The floor lever also controlled the parking brake, which was activated by pulling the lever all the way back.
OUT: The floor lever controlled the parking brake.

IN : Originally issued by the Bank of Taiwan, it has been issued by the Central Bank of the Republic of China since 2000.
OUT: The Central Bank of the Republic of China has issued it since 2000 (originally from the Bank of Taiwan).

IN : The Congress of Vienna restored Salzburg to the milder Austrians in 1814, and ecclesiastical life was again normalised by Archbishop Augustus John Joseph Gruber (reigned 1823-1835) .
OUT: The Congress of Vienna returned Salzburg to Austrian rule in 1814. Archbishop Augustus John Joseph Gruber normalized ecclesiastical life there from 1823 to 1835.

IN : Although his complete surviving works only last about three hours, he has been recognized as an influence by several major composers of the late 20th century.
OUT: He influenced major composers of the late 20th century despite having works that total three hours.

IN : Interstate 82 (I-82) is a 143.58 m Interstate Highway that extends from I-90 in Ellensburg, Washington to I-84 near Umatilla, Oregon in the United States.
OUT: The interstate highway I-82 spans 143.58 miles from its intersection with I-90 in Ellensburg, Washington, to its intersection with I-84 in Oregon.

IN : The theater opened in 1783 with a performance of the tragedy Emilia Galotti by the German playwright Gotthold Lessing.
OUT: The theater opened in 1783 with a performance of Emilia Galotti by Gotthold Lessing.

IN : President Bill Clinton declared the U.S. Virgin Islands a federal disaster area, making it available to federal aid.
OUT: President Clinton declared the U.S. Virgin Islands a disaster area, allowing federal aid.

IN : Earlier, the majority of the inhabitants made a living in the wine industry.
OUT: Most people in the area worked in wine production earlier on.

IN : White chocolate contains cocoa butter, sugar, and milk but no cocoa solids.
OUT: White chocolate is made with cocoa butter, sugar, and milk, without cocoa solids.

IN : If you would like to experiment again, please use the sandbox.
OUT: Use the sandbox to experiment again.

IN : The holy sign of dedication, the shining gold plate on the high priest's turban, was engraved with the words: "Holiness belongs to Adonai."
OUT: The gold plate on the high priest's turban bore the inscription: "Holiness to Adonai."

IN : He had also referred mistakenly to West Virginia's having had lynchings as recently as the 1980s, but state scholars disputed his statement, observing that, whereas lynchings did occur in Alabama as recently as 1981, according to "the director of state archives and history" quoted in The Charleston Gazette, "The last documented lynching in West Virginia took place in Lewisburg in 1931."
OUT: The last documented lynching in West Virginia was in 1931.

IN : She took lessons in dance, singing, and acting.
OUT: She studied dance, singing, and acting.

IN : His original name was Marcus Julius Agrippa, and he is the king named Herod in the Acts of the Apostles, in the Bible, "Herod (Agrippa)" .
OUT: Herod in the Bible was formerly known as Marcus Julius Agrippa.

IN : Public field trials were carried out on buses from August 20, 1996, and on rail services from September 18, 1996.
OUT: Trials were held on buses starting August 20, 1996, and on rail services starting September 18, 1996.

IN : "Furrfu" evolved in mid-1992 as a response to postings repeating urban myths on alt.
OUT: "Furrfu originated in 1992 as a reaction to urban myths on alt.folklore.urban."

IN : His father-in-law appeared in Home Alone as a Chicago policeman who checks the McCallisters' home to see if Kevin is there.
OUT: His father-in-law is a Chicago policeman who appeared in Home Alone.

IN : The Last Airbender opened in second place at the box office behind The Twilight Saga: Eclipse, and eventually grossed $ 131 million domestically and $ 319 million worldwide.
OUT: The Last Airbender earned $131 million domestically and $319 million worldwide, finishing second at the box office behind The Twilight Saga: Eclipse.

IN : Founded in 1971 by Michael S. Hart, it is the oldest digital library.
OUT: The oldest digital library was founded in 1971 by Michael S. Hart.

IN : The station is in the London Borough of Newham and is located in Travelcard Zone 3.
OUT: The station is in Zone 3 of London's Travelcard area. (Assuming the reader knows London Borough of Newham is in East London and part of Zone 3)

IN : The songwriting partnership of John Lennon and Paul McCartney is one of the best-known and most successful musical collaborations in history.
OUT: One of the most successful musical collaborations in history is between John Lennon and Paul McCartney.

IN : gaarr,) is the northernmost town on the east coast of Australia, located at the mouth of the Endeavour River, on Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland.
OUT: Gaarr is the northernmost town on the east coast of Australia, at the mouth of the Endeavour River, on Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland.

IN : The caterpillar is similarly colored to the adult, and may be found feeding on the leaves of shrubs such as gooseberry.
OUT: A caterpillar resembles the adult in color and feeds on shrub leaves, such as gooseberry.

IN : Cultured mammalian cells are expected to become increasingly important, compared to conventional options such as chicken eggs, due to greater productivitity and low incidence of problems with contamination.
OUT: Mammalian cells in culture will likely surpass conventional methods like chicken eggs due to higher productivity and fewer contamination issues.

IN : The team, of which Goater is a director and player, is named the Bermuda Hogges.
OUT: The team is named the Bermuda Hogges. Goater is both a director and player on the team.

IN : Although they belong to the class of arachnids, harvestmen are not spiders, which are of the order Araneae rather than the order Opiliones.
OUT: Harvestmen are not spiders; they belong to a different order, Opiliones.

IN : Hickes spelt his name with an "e" , Cook wrote both Hicks and Hickes in different places; the spelling Hicks is now in use for the point.
OUT: Hickes used the spelling "Hicks," while Cook wrote both "Hicks" and "Hickes."

IN : During the summer, they accumulate fat in their bodies, to nourish them through the hibernation period.
OUT: During summer, animals store fat for hibernation.

IN : This wish was fulfilled only after Robinson's death: following the 1974 season, the Cleveland Indians gave their managerial post to Frank Robinson (no relation) , a Hall of Fame-bound player who would go on to manage three other teams.
OUT: 2. Frank Robinson managed the Cleveland Indians after playing in the major leagues and went on to manage three other teams.

IN : As an alkyne, acetylene is unsaturated because its two carbon atoms are bonded together in a triple bond.
OUT: Acetylene is unsaturated due to a triple bond between its carbon atoms.

IN : Troy is a city in Latah County, Idaho, United States.
OUT: Troy is a city in Idaho, USA (Latah County).

IN : Coins issued by Herod's successors show that they dated their reigns as beginning in 4 BC.
OUT: Coins issued after Herod's reign dated their reigns as starting in 4 BC.

IN : He used stock characters, and the roles were filled with untrained people from the appropriate classes; he avoided casting stars.
OUT: He used stock characters and cast untrained people from appropriate classes instead of stars.

IN : As a singer, he was a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal from 1669 until his death. Turner's association with the Chapel Royal began in the early 1660s, when he joined the choir there as a boy soprano.
OUT: Turner was a chorister at the Chapel Royal in the 1660s and later became a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal until his death.

IN : One notable omission was the South African cricket team who were not competing due to the international sports boycott.
OUT: The South African cricket team did not compete due to the sports boycott.

IN : Atticus Finch is a fictional character in Harper Lee's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel To Kill a Mockingbird.
OUT: Atticus Finch is a character from To Kill a Mockingbird, a Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Harper Lee.

IN : The London Gazette is the official newspaper of the British government for England and Wales in which all official notices are published.
OUT: The London Gazette is the official newspaper of the British government for England and Wales, publishing all official notices.

IN : Though Satan should buffet, though trials should come, Let this blest assurance control, That Christ has regarded my helpless estate, And hath shed His own blood for my soul.
OUT: No matter what Satan does or trials come, my assurance that Christ has saved me should give me control.

IN : Although Cebu City, Mandaue City and Lapu-Lapu City are often grouped under the province of Cebu for statistical purposes by the National Statistics Office, as highly urbanized cities they are administratively independent from the province.
OUT: The cities of Cebu, Mandaue, and Lapu-Lapu are statistically part of Cebu province but administratively independent.

IN : At the age of 14 years he moved to Barcelona with his grandfather.
OUT: When he was 14, he went to Barcelona with his grandfather.

IN : The following discussion is preserved as an archive of a request for adminship that did not succeed.
OUT: The request for adminship did not succeed.

IN : It is made by treating manganese and diverse compounds of manganese (II) in hydrofluoric acid.
OUT: The compound is made by treating manganese and its compounds (specifically manganese (II)) with hydrofluoric acid.

IN : When he returned to Formula Three, he extended his championship lead to 45 points before returning to the Portuguese circuit.
OUT: He extended his championship lead by 45 points in Formula Three before going to the Portuguese circuit.

IN : Overall, the climate is warm and humid, and heavily influenced by warm sea currents.
OUT: The climate is warm and humid, influenced by warm sea currents.

IN : Please do not add pages to this category directly.
OUT: Instead of adding pages directly to this category, add them to subcategories first, and then add the subcategories to this category.

IN : The postcode numbers range from as low as 0200 (for the Australian National University) to 9729 (mail addressed to the Gold Coast City Council) .
OUT: The postcode numbers range from 0200 to 9729.

IN : The first bridge across the river is at Chakdara, which carries the road to Lower Dir and Chitral.
OUT: The first bridge over the river is at Chakdara, connecting to Lower Dir and Chitral.

IN : Defines if your username should be added to the template, if the template supports it.
OUT: Your username will be added to the template if it's supported.

IN : The brand extension was publicly announced during a telecast of WWF Raw on March 25, 2002, and became official the next day.
OUT: The brand extension was announced on WWF Raw on March 25, 2002, and took effect the following day.

IN : Historian Sydney E. Ahlstrom saw it as part of a "great international Protestant upheaval" that also created Pietism in Germany, the Evangelical Revival, and Methodism in England.
OUT: The historian Sydney Ahlstrom viewed these movements - Pietism in Germany, the Evangelical Revival in England, and Methodism - as part of a larger international Protestant awakening.

IN : This classification is now obsolete, as all units have either been withdrawn, or renumbered into the Class 930 range.
OUT: The classification is now obsolete, as all units have been withdrawn or renumbered into the Class 930 range.

IN : It was named for James Gadsden of South Carolina, who served as Andrew Jackson's aide-de-camp in Florida in 1818.
OUT: The Gadsden Purchase was named after James Gadsden of South Carolina, who served as Andrew Jackson's aide in Florida in 1818.

IN : A pier was built in the bay, although little further development took place, and the pier was destroyed by heavy seas before any trade could be established with passing steamers, and the development was abandoned when the promotor went into liquidation in 1900, and although a route was surveyed for a branch line to the bay, it was never constructed.
OUT: A pier was built in the bay but no trade was established but it was destroyed before construction of a branch line.

IN : On 11 February 2007, Yunus wrote an open letter, published in the Bangladeshi newspaper Daily Star, where he asked citizens for views on his plan to float a political party to establish political goodwill, proper leadership and good governance.
OUT: In 2007, Yunus wrote a letter asking for opinions on starting a political party to improve leadership and governance in Bangladesh.

IN : After the end of the World War II Wasicky was charged for murder by an US-military tribunal. On the May 13, 1946 we has charged guilty and was executed in the prison of Landsberg by hanging on May 28, 1947.
OUT: Wasicky was charged with murder by a US military tribunal in 1946 and was executed by hanging in Landsberg prison in 1947.

IN : However it differed in that he saw it mostly as a means of accessing the Five Classics.
OUT: He saw the Five Classics mainly as a means to access them.

IN : "People were booing him, flipping him off."
OUT: "People jeered at him." or "He was jeered at."

IN : Such new weaponry, furnished to a proto-hoplite model of infantry which was able to withstand attacks of massed chariotry, would destabilize states that were based upon the use of chariots by the ruling class and precipitate an abrupt social collapse as raiders and\/or infantry mercenaries began to conquer, loot, and burn the cities.
OUT: A new type of weaponry could disrupt societies that relied heavily on chariots and their ruling classes, leading to social collapse and conquest by raiders and mercenaries.

IN : Amblie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Amblie is a commune in the Calvados department in northwest France.

IN : Victor Emmanuel died in the Castle of Moncalieri.
OUT: Victor Emmanuel died at Moncalieri Castle.

IN : If Orphan backlinks is checked, all backlinks to this page or image instances of the particular image are removed.
OUT: If "Orphan backlinks" is selected, the page or image's linked instances are deleted.

IN : Born in Tbilisi, Georgia (ruled at that time by imperial Russia) to an Armenian family, Rouben relocated to England and started directing plays in London in 1922.
OUT: Rouben was born in Tbilisi, a city in Georgia, which was then under Russian rule, to an Armenian family. He moved to England and began directing plays in London in 1922.

IN : Thus, if you wanted to know how much DM 1,000.00 marks in 1960 are worth nowadays, entering would provide a result (') still in marks, not in euros.
OUT: To find the current value of DM 1,000.00 marks from 1960, use the calculator but the result will be in marks, not euros.

IN : If a tropical wave is moving quickly, it can have strong winds of over tropical storm force, but is not considered a tropical storm unless it has a closed circulation.
OUT: A fast-moving tropical wave can have strong winds, but isn't a tropical storm without a closed circulation.

IN : An even larger terminal to be sited nearby is also being promoted.
OUT: A larger terminal is being promoted for construction nearby.

IN : This was the beginning of the Spanish Empire in the New World.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: This was the beginning of the Spanish Empire in the New World. The simplified sentence is: This marked the start of the Spanish Empire in the Americas.

IN : Hercules best her and is about to deal the fatal blow, but can not because it is Hippolyta's body and not really Hera.
OUT: Hercules cannot deal the fatal blow because it's not Hera's body.

IN : Note that only ground tencha qualifies as matcha, and other powdered green teas, such as powdered sencha, are known as konacha (, lit.
OUT: Ground tencha is the only type of powdered green tea that qualifies as matcha, while other powdered green teas, like sencha, are called konacha.

IN : Rachel and Emilie decided to create a visual video for hearing children so that ASL could be made accessible to all children, and together created Two Little Hands Productions, their production company.
OUT: Rachel and Emilie created Two Little Hands Productions to make ASL accessible to all children through visual videos.

IN : In the end, 40 % of the Kingdom, including the historically significant Wittenberg, home of the Protestant Reformation, was annexed by Prussia, but Frederick Augustus was restored to the throne in the remainder of his kingdom, which still included the major cities of Dresden and Leipzig.
OUT: The historically significant Wittenberg, home of the Protestant Reformation, was annexed by Prussia, but the remainder of the kingdom, including Dresden and Leipzig, was restored to Frederick Augustus.

IN : Wildwood is a city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
OUT: Wildwood is a city in Kentucky, United States.

IN : vs. RAW (often shortened to WWE SvR and known as Exciting Pro Wrestling 6: SmackDown!
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: vs. RAW (often shortened to WWE SvR and known as Exciting Pro Wrestling 6: SmackDown! vs. RAW 2006 in Europe) is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's and published by THQ for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Xbox, and Xbox 360. It was released in North America on October 17, 2This is a video game about professional wrestling, developed by Yuke's and published by THQ for various consoles in 2006.

IN : He was the assistant manager of the Trinidad and Tobago national team until the completion of the qualifying matches for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
OUT: Assistant manager of Trinidad and Tobago during 2010 World Cup qualifiers.

IN : H. floresiensis, which lived from approximately 100,000 to 12,000 before present, has been nicknamed hobbit for its small size, possibly a result of insular dwarfism.
OUT: A small-sized hominid species, H. floresiensis, inhabited Flores Island from around 100,000 to 12,000 years ago and is commonly referred to as a "hobbit."

IN : The first to 50 wins.
OUT: The first one to reach 50 wins.

IN : There are 20 comuni (singular: comune) in the province.
OUT: Twenty comunes make up the province. (Note: I assumed you meant "comunes" instead of "comuni" in the original sentence, as "comune" is the singular form of the word.)

IN : For the purpose of furthering revolutionary activity in Turkish Armenia, they formed the Hunchakian Revolutionary Party in August, 1887.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: For the purpose of furthering revolutionary activity in Turkish Armenia, they formed the Hunchakian Revolutionary Party in August, 1887. The Hunchakian Revolutionary Party was established in August, 1887, to promote revolutionary activity in Turkish Armenia.

IN : As such, the term gained popularity within neoliberal or free-market economics as a description of processes such as downsizing in order to increase the efficiency and dynamism of a company.
OUT: The term gained popularity within neoliberal or free-market economics for describing processes like downsizing to boost a company's efficiency and dynamism.

IN : Brideshead Revisited, The Sacred & Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder is a novel by the English writer Evelyn Waugh, first published in 1945.
OUT: Brideshead Revisited is a novel by Evelyn Waugh, published in 1945.

IN : In the early 1950s, Monroe and Gregg Palmer both unsuccessfully auditioned for roles as Daisy Mae and Abner in a proposed Li' l Abner television series based on the Al Capp comic strip, but the effort never materialized.
OUT: The early 1950s saw Monroe and Palmer audition unsuccessfully for roles as Daisy Mae and Abner in a proposed Li'l Abner TV series based on Al Capp's comic strip, but the project never came to fruition.

IN : Other possible coalitions include a "traffic light coalition" between SPD, FDP and Greens and a "Jamaica coalition" between CDU\/CSU, FDP and Greens.
OUT: A traffic light coalition refers to an alliance between the SPD, Greens, and FDP, while a Jamaica coalition is an alliance between the CDU/CSU, Greens, and FDP.

IN : In a wider sense, the Mongol people includes all people who speak a Mongolic language, such as the Kalmyks of eastern Europe.
OUT: The Mongolic people include the Kalmyks and other groups speaking Mongolic languages.

IN : Zeus ordered Hephaestus to mold her out of earth as part of the punishment of mankind for Prometheus' theft of the secret of fire, and all the gods joined in offering her "seductive gifts" .
OUT: The gods joined in offering seductive gifts as Zeus had Hephaestus create Eve from earth as part of mankind's punishment for Prometheus' fire theft.

IN : Hemoglobin has an oxygen binding capacity of 1.34 ml O2 per gram of hemoglobin, which increases the total blood oxygen capacity seventyfold compared to dissolved oxygen in blood. The mammalian hemoglobin molecule can bind (carry) up to four oxygen molecules.
OUT: The oxygen capacity of hemoglobin is much greater than that of dissolved oxygen in blood. Hemoglobin can bind up to

IN : The Coriolis force acts in a direction perpendicular to the rotation axis and to the velocity of the body in the rotating frame and is proportional to the object's speed in the rotating frame.
OUT: In the rotating frame, the Coriolis force is proportional to an object's speed. It acts perpendicular to both the rotation axis and the object's velocity.

IN : In certain applications, where small size or power efficiency are not primary concerns, the components used may be compatible with those used in general purpose x86 personal computers.
OUT: In some cases, larger, more powerful components can be used, similar to those in standard x86 PCs.

IN : The best way to prevent tularemia infection is to wear rubber gloves when handling or skinning lagomorphs (such as rabbits) , avoid ingesting uncooked wild game and untreated water sources, wear long-sleeved clothes, and use an insect repellent to prevent tick bites.
OUT: To prevent tularemia infection, wear rubber gloves when handling or skinning lagomorphs. Avoid consuming uncooked wild game and untreated water. Wear long-sleeved clothes. Use insect repellent to prevent tick bites.

IN : Success in road criteriums requires a mix of good technical skills -- in particular, the ability to corner smoothly, while "holding your line" on the road, as well as rapidly and sharply -- and riding safely with a large group on a short circuit and exceptional "sprint" ability to attack other riders and repeatedly accelerate hard from corners.
OUT: A successful road criterium performance involves mastering technical skills, such as cornering smoothly and maintaining your line, riding safely in a large group, and possessing exceptional sprint ability to attack and accelerate.

IN : The Opel Combo is a panel van and leisure activity vehicle from the German automaker Opel.
OUT: The Opel Combo is a panel van and leisure vehicle from Opel.

IN : Argument is a boolean, default to' .
OUT: An argument is a boolean value, defaulting to false if not provided.

IN : Near the coastline of Wales, a buoy recorded sustained winds up to 41 m, equivalent to a minimal tropical storm.
OUT: Off the Welsh coast, a buoy measured winds of 41 mph, the strength of a minimal tropical storm.

IN : In it, Montgomery related that the dish was created by Commodore E.C. Benedict, a banker and yachtsman, who died in 1920 at the age of 86.
OUT: Montesgomery claimed the dish was created by Commodore Benedict, a banker and yachtsman, who died in 1920 at the age of 86.

IN : Chart rankings are based on sales, which are compiled through over-the-counter retail data captured electronically each day from retailers' EPOS systems.
OUT: Chart rankings are based on daily electronic sales data from retailers.

IN : While recovering from a childhood bout of appendicitis, Punnett became acquainted with Jardine's Naturalist's Library and developed an interest in natural history.
OUT: During his recovery from appendicitis as a child, Punnett discovered Jardine's Naturalist's Library and developed an interest in natural history.

IN : Stage6 was a video sharing website owned and operated by DivX, Inc. , where users could upload, share, and view video clips.
OUT: DivX, Inc. operated the video sharing website Stage6, where users uploaded, shared, and viewed clips.

IN : Air Force One is the official air traffic control call sign of any United States Air Force aircraft carrying the President of the United States. In common parlance the term refers to those Air Force aircraft whose primary mission is to transport the president; however, any U.S. Air Force aircraft may carry the "Air Force One" call sign while the president is on board.
OUT: Air Force One is the call sign for any U.S. Air Force plane carrying the president.

IN : Arbace brings news that Idamante has killed the monster.
OUT: Arbace reports that Idamante killed the monster.

IN : The Madras state was named Tamil Nadu (the land of the Tamils) in 1968.
OUT: Tamil Nadu was named so in 1968 (The Madras state is now called Tamil Nadu).

IN : In the 19th century and the first part of the 20th, baseball shoes were commonly black in color.
OUT: From the late 1800s to the early 1900s, baseball shoes were typically black.

IN : Pointillism also refers to a style of 20th-century music composition.
OUT: Pointillism is also a 20th-century music composition style.

IN : According to Dr. Dan Ritschel of the Center for History Education at the University of Maryland, The great Malthusian dread was that "indiscriminate charity" would lead to exponential growth in the population in poverty, increased charges to the public purse to support this growing army of the dependent, and, eventually, the catastrophe of national bankruptcy.
OUT: The great fear during the Malthusian era was that unchecked charity would cause an exponential increase in poverty population, resulting in a heavy public burden and potential national bankruptcy. (Dr. Dan Ritschel, University of Maryland)

IN : Carrot cake is often referred to as Passion cake.
OUT: Carrot cake is also called Passion cake.

IN : With her death, another 114-year-old, Edna Parker of the United States, became the oldest living person.
OUT: The oldest living person is now Edna Parker, aged 114.

IN : It is part of the Gadsden Metropolitan Statistical Area.
OUT: The Gadsden MSA includes this area.

IN : contains addition human-readable information about the server.
OUT: The server contains additional human-readable information.

IN : This consisted of retrofitting tip weights to 170 of the spikes.
OUT: We retrofitted tip weights to 170 spikes.

IN : It was his second asteroid discovery after 7 Iris.
OUT: His second discovery was of an asteroid after 7 Iris.

IN : The original tower, patterned after the Eiffel Tower, was built in 1912, and was connected to the adjacent amusement park, Luna Park, by an aerial cable car.
OUT: A tower resembling the Eiffel Tower was constructed in 1912 and linked to Luna Park via a cable car.

IN : The various species of wasps fall into one of two main categories: solitary wasps and social wasps.
OUT: Wasps belong to two main categories: solitary and social.

IN : He demonstrated that with simple relocation of these colors, and experiment with the proportionality of various square surfaces one can achieve extremely different ambiances and various feelings.
OUT: One can create vastly different atmospheres and emotions by adjusting the placement and size of colored squares.

IN : The line is currently 49.2 km long with 35 stations (4 to be constructed by 2016) , the longest MRT line in Singapore and it operated by SMRT Corporation.
OUT: The longest MRT line in Singapore, currently 49.2 km long with 35 stations, is operated by SMRT Corporation. (Three more stations will be constructed by 2016.)

IN : In December 2007, it was announced that Activision would merge with Vivendi Games, which owns fellow games developer and publisher Blizzard, and the merger would close in July 2008. The new company is called Activision Blizzard and is headed by Activision's former CEO, Robert Kotick.
OUT: Activation Blizzard was formed in July 2008 with Robert Kotick as CEO, after Activision merged with Vivendi Games, which owns Blizzard.

IN : Since 1986, the city of Phoenix has been divided into urban villages, many of which are based upon historically significant neighborhoods and communities that have since been annexed into Phoenix.
OUT: The city of Phoenix has been divided into urban villages since 1986, based on historically significant neighborhoods and annexed communities.

IN : Though he never again served in a government, Sir Austen Chamberlain survived in good health until March 1937, dying just ten weeks before his half-brother Neville Chamberlain finally became the first (and only) member of the distinguished Chamberlain dynasty to become Prime Minister.
OUT: Sir Austin Chamberlain remained healthy until his death in March 1937, preceding his half-brother Neville's prime ministership by ten weeks.

IN : They are presented in a relaxed style in keeping with the rest of the channel.
OUT: The style is relaxed for the presented content.

IN : A strong tropical disturbance tracked across the northeastern Caribbean Sea in the third week of September.
OUT: A tropical disturbance passed through the northeastern Caribbean Sea in late September.

IN : A ball bearing is a type of rolling-element bearing that uses balls to maintain the separation between the moving parts of the bearing.
OUT: A ball bearing is a type of rolling-element bearing that uses balls for separation.

IN : The Beatles recorded the song in C major but the master take was sped up in order to raise the key by one semitone at the insistence of McCartney.
OUT: The Beatles raised the key of a recorded song by one semitone.

IN : Berkley is a city in Union Township, Boone County, Iowa, United States.
OUT: Berkley is a city in Iowa's Boone County, in Union Township.

IN : In the year 2030, Ted Mosby (voiced by Bob Saget) sits his daughter and son down to tell them the story of how he met their mother.
OUT: Ted tells his children the story of how he met their mother in 2030.

IN : Van Schie was educated at the Zwolle conservatory, after which he attended several master classes, among others at the New York pianist Jacob Lateiner.
OUT: Van Schie studied at the Zwolle conservatory and attended master classes, including one with Jacob Lateiner in New York.

IN : Brandon Bochenski (born April 4, 1982) is an American professional ice hockey player.
OUT: Brandt Bochenski is an ice hockey player.

IN : Acorns are one of the most important wildlife foods in areas where oaks occur.
OUT: Acorns are a crucial wildlife food in oak habitats.

IN : Ken Tyrrell in particular was enraged by the fact that Ecclestone, as President of FOCA had negotiated the transfer of the rights from the organization to his own company.
OUT: Ken Tyrrell was angry that Ecclestone, as FOCA president, gave the rights to his own company.

IN : William (Bill) Moggridge, a industrial and interaction designer, is co-founder of the Silicon Valley-based design firm IDEO and the current director of the Smithsonian Institution's Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum in New York.
OUT: William Moggridge, an industrial and interaction designer, is the co-founder of IDEO in Silicon Valley and the director of the Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum at the Smithsonian Institution in New York.

IN : The advantage of this approach is that low-cost commodity components may be used along with the same software development tools used for general software development.
OUT: This approach offers the benefit of using affordable commodity components with the same software development tools as for regular software development.

IN : The center of population of Utah is located in Utah County in the city of Lehi.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The center of population of Utah is located in Utah County in the city of Lehi. Utah's population center is in Lehi, Utah.

IN : On 7 May 2009 he left Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria and signed a contract with HC Eppan Pirats Internorm. .
OUT: On May 7, 2009, he signed with HC Eppan Pirats Internorm after leaving Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria.

IN : The St. Louis Blues are a professional ice hockey team based in St. Louis, Missouri.
OUT: The St. Louis Blues are a professional hockey team based in St. Louis, Missouri (NHL).

IN : There are many different stories on how Anamosa was chosen as a name, but all center around a local Native American girl named Anamosa, which means white fawn.
OUT: The name Anamosa is believed to have originated from a local Native American girl named Anamosa, meaning white fawn.

IN : The Canadian Grand Prix that took place for 30 years at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve was dropped from the 2009 Formula One calendar and replaced with the inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
OUT: The Canadian Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One calendar in 2009 and replaced with the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.

IN : Love County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
OUT: Love County is in Oklahoma, USA.

IN : It is the only U.S. state flag with a field of green as well as the only state flag with the image of an American president.
OUT: The only U.S. flag with a green field and an image of an American president is its design.

IN : One has to understand the data model of enterprise beans in order to write effective queries.
OUT: To write effective queries, you need to understand the data model of enterprise beans.

IN : Cameron currently partners with fellow evangelist Ray Comfort, training Christians in evangelism.
OUT: Cameron teams up with Ray Comfort to train Christians in evangelism.

IN : From after her death until 1916, a demonstration was held every year at her tomb at Levallois-Perret.
OUT: After her death until 1916, a yearly demonstration took place at her tomb in Levallois-Perret.

IN : It is smaller, seedier, has a higher acidity, a stronger aroma, and a thinner rind than that of the Persian lime (Citrus x latifolia) .
OUT: The Persian lime is larger, has a thicker rind, lower acidity, and weaker aroma than the lime in question.

IN : On July 30, 2010, Hudson and minor league pitcher David Holmberg were traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks for Edwin Jackson.
OUT: 2. The Diamondbacks gave Edwin Jackson in return.

IN : These gold sovereigns however never left the vaults.
OUT: The gold sovereigns remained in the vaults.

IN : To the south of Legnica is the A4 Highway. Legnica has also a district, which is a part of country road no 3.
OUT: The A4 Highway lies to the south of Legnica, and it also has a district on country road no 3.

IN : Soon after at age 15, she was married to Frank Cotten.
OUT: At age 15, she married Frank Cotten.

IN : The full three-volume translation was published in the spring of 1867, though Longfellow would continue to revise it, and it went through four printings in its first year.
OUT: The three-volume translation was published in the spring of 1867. (Longfellow revised it and there were four printings in its first year.)

IN : In anatomy, a tubule is a minute tube lined with glandular epithelium.
OUT: A tubule is a tiny tube lined with glandular cells in anatomy.

IN : Amsterdam is the capital of the Netherlands in a technical legal sense.
OUT: Amsterdam is the Netherlands' legal capital.

IN : An anniversary is a day that commemorates and\/or celebrates a past event that occurred on the same day of the year as the initial event.
OUT: A day commemorating and celebrating a past event that happens annually.

IN : The text also appears in the account of the annunciation contained in the apocryphal Infancy Gospel of Matthew, in chapter 9.
OUT: The text appears in the Infancy Gospel of Matthew, chapter 9.

IN : In 2002, Fey appeared in the surreal comedy Martin & Orloff.
OUT: Fey appeared in Martin & Orloff in 2002.

IN : An audit released by the State Government in 2001 showed over 1 in 4 (27.2 %) of the machines at train stations did not work, and 11.9 % of mobile equipment in buses and trams was non-operational.
OUT: The audit from the State Government in 2001 revealed that a quarter (25%) of the machines at train stations were inoperable, and over one in ten (11.9%) of the mobile equipment in buses and trams did not function.

IN : Her racquets are provided by Babolat.
OUT: Babolat provides her racquets.

IN : CT is classified into three subtypes; Embryonic CT, Proper CT, and Special CT.
OUT: CT has three subtypes: Embryonic, Proper, and Special.

IN : Interrupt latency may be affected by interrupt controllers, interrupt masking, and the operating system's (OS) interrupt handling methods.
OUT: Interrupt latency can be influenced by interrupt controllers, interrupt masking, and the OS's interrupt handling techniques.

IN : He taught in Zaragoza from 1882 to 1883.
OUT: From 1882 to 1883, he taught in Zaragoza.

IN : In 1969, he became the first recipient of the Prix mondial Cino Del Duca.
OUT: In 1969, he received the Prix mondial Cino Del Duca.

IN : However, other less maniacal users have acted as "semi-trolls" with more balance, and remained years longer.
OUT: Some users have acted as "semi-trolls" for years.

IN : It has no special status.
OUT: It holds no exceptional or privileged position.

IN : It is particularly common in southern Europe, but its range extends into the north.
OUT: 2. Its range extends into the north.

IN : Ronson's family name was originally Aaronson but his grandfather Henry Ronson changed it to Ronson.
OUT: Ronson's last name was originally Aaronson but was changed to Ronson by his grandfather Henry.

IN : The state borders Delaware and Maryland to the south, West Virginia to the southwest, Ohio to the west, New York and Ontario, Canada, to the north, and New Jersey to the east.
OUT: The state is bordered by Delaware, Maryland, West Virginia, Ohio, New York, and Ontario, Canada, to the north and east, and New Jersey to the south and west.

IN : Of the 1,026 convicts embarked, 267 (256 men and 11 women) died during the voyage (26 %) .
OUT: The number of convicts who died during the voyage was 267, of which 256 were men and 11 were women. This accounts for 26% of the total number of convicts.

IN : The city of Manassas is served by the Manassas Public Schools.
OUT: The city of Manassas is served by Manassas Public Schools.

IN : The contemporary status of the Mandaeans has prompted a number of American intellectuals and civil rights activists to call upon the U.S. government to extend refugee status to the community.
OUT: Intellectuals and civil rights activists in the U.S. have urged the government to grant refugee status to the Mandaeans.

IN : The International Standard Book Number (ISBN) is a unique numeric commercial book identifier based upon the 9-digit Standard Book Numbering (SBN) code created by Gordon Foster, now Emeritus Professor of Statistics at Trinity College, Dublin, for the booksellers and stationers W.H. Smith and others in 1966.
OUT: A unique number used by booksellers to identify commercial books. (Gordon Foster developed it in 1966.)

IN : However, this may not be as widespread as is typically thought.
OUT: This may not be as common as believed.

IN : This template returns the number of full years and surplus days between two specified dates.
OUT: The template returns the number of full years and any remaining days between two dates.

IN : Maisoncelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Maisoncelle is a commune in Pas-de-Calais, France. (Nord-Pas-de-Calais region)

IN : The Baltic Sea is a brackish sea adjoining the North Sea.
OUT: The Baltic Sea is the largest body of water between the Atlantic Ocean and the Black Sea. It is brackish and adjoins the North Sea.

IN : Traditionally and originally, the didgeridoo was primarily played as an accompaniment to ceremonial dancing and singing.
OUT: The didgeridoo is traditionally used for ceremonial dancing and singing.

IN : Modern technology has made it possible for us to know what the original colors were, and this has helped scientists to identify him.
OUT: Modern technology helps scientists identify him by revealing the original colors.

IN : Protocol III of the CCW restricts the use of all incendiary weapons, but a number of states have not acceded to all of the protocols of the CCW.
OUT: Protocol III of the CCW limits incendiary weapon use for some countries.

IN : Vaughan Williams and Butterworth became close friends.
OUT: Vaughan Williams and Butterworth were friends.

IN : We all experience anxiety, unhappiness, heartbreaks, but that was sheer primal terror. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: We all experience anxiety, unhappiness, heartbreaks, but that was sheer primal terror. ''We all experience anxiety, unhappiness, heartbreaks. That was pure terror.''

IN : In chemistry, the first of Hund's rules is especially important and is often referred to as simply Hund's Rule.
OUT: Hund's Rule is especially important in chemistry.

IN : Pneumatic Vacuum Elevators operate without cables or pistons and can be installed more easily and quickly than their alternatives since their housing is composed of prefabricated sections which are considerably narrower than conventional lift shafts.
OUT: Pneumatic vacuum elevators don't use cables or pistons, are easier and faster to install due to narrow prefabricated sections for housing.

IN : He went on to found the Photographic Training Centre, school for photography, in Maputo in 1983 and remained the center's director until his death in 2009.
OUT: He founded the Photographic Training Centre in Maputo in 1983 and served as its director until his death in 2009.

IN : The first was H J May, later Secretary of the International Co-operative Alliance, who was unsuccessful at the 1918 Prestwich by-election.
OUT: H J May, later a Secretary of the International Co-operative Alliance, lost the 1918 Prestwich by-election.

IN : During the planning stages, it was known as Route C and then was named the Victoria line after Victoria Station by David McKenna, whose suggestion was seconded by Sir John Elliot.
OUT: The Victoria line was named after Victoria Station during the planning stages, by David McKenna.

IN : The King had become engaged in the great debate about other-worldly powers in writing his Daemonology in 1597, before he became King of England as well as Scotland.
OUT: The King wrote his Daemonology about other-worldly powers in 1597, before he was both King of England and Scotland.

IN : Balukas played against the men in a number of competitions, including at least one televised match aired on March 25, 1979, between her and men's champion Ray Martin.
OUT: Balukas competed against men in various matches, one of which was televised on March 25, 1979.

IN : 3 This match was played at Szusza Ferenc Stadium in Budapest because MTK Budapest's ground in Budapest does not meet UEFA standards.
OUT: This match was held at Szusza Ferenc Stadium due to MTK Budapest's ground not meeting UEFA standards.

IN : He cites, as examples, icons of American assassination such as John Lennon, John F. Kennedy and Jesus Christ who have attained cult-of-personality celebrity-worship as a result.
OUT: He gives examples of John Lennon, John F. Kennedy, and Jesus Christ, all icons of American assassination, who have gained cult-like celebrity worship.

IN : Attacking Finlay's knee with a kendo stick, JBL delivered a Clothesline from Hell to Finlay to score a successful pinfall.
OUT: JBL used a kendo stick to attack Finlay's knee and then pinned him after delivering a Clothesline from Hell.

IN : rs, rt, and rd indicate register operands; shamt gives a shift amount; and the address or immediate fields contain an operand directly.
OUT: The instruction specifies the register operands rs, rt, rd, and the shift amount shamt, as well as the direct operand in the address or immediate fields.

IN : Other kinds of dashi stock are made by soaking kelp, niboshi, or shiitake in water for many hours or by heating them in near-boiling water and straining the resultant broth.
OUT: Other types of dashi stock are made by soaking kelp, shiitake, or niboshi in water for hours or by heating and straining them.

IN : They were scarce in comparison to other insects, representing about 1 % of the insect population.
OUT: The representation of these insects in the insect population was approximately 1%.

IN : Satoshi Horinouchi is a Japanese football player.
OUT: Satoshi Horinouchi is a Japanese footballer.

IN : Robinson's funeral service on October 27, 1972, at New York City's Riverside Church attracted 2,500 admirers.
OUT: 2,500 people attended Robinson's funeral at Riverside Church in New York City on October 27, 1972.

IN : Keating knows that his most successful projects were aided by Roark, so he asks for Roark's help in designing Cortlandt.
OUT: Keating acknowledges Roark's contribution to his most successful projects, so he requests Roark's assistance in designing Cortlandt.

IN : As of October 2009, Windows had approximately 91 % of the market share of the client operating systems for usage on the Internet. The most recent client version of Windows is Windows 7; the most recent server version is Windows Server 2008 R2; the most recent mobile OS version is Windows Phone 7.
OUT: Windows held about 91% of the market share for Internet-used client operating systems as of October 2009. The latest client version is Windows 7, the latest server version is Windows Server 2008 R2, and the latest mobile OS version is Windows Phone 7.

IN : Young was once quoted as saying, `` Some may have thought it was essential to know how to curve a ball before anything else.
OUT: Some believed learning to curve a ball was essential before anything else.

IN : In 1930, Wisconsin became the first state to officially adopt Leif Erikson Day as a state holiday, thanks in large part to efforts by Rasmus Anderson.
OUT: Wisconsin was the first state to observe Leif Erikson Day as a holiday in 1930, due to Rasmus Anderson's efforts.

IN : Voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider.
OUT: Voltage division is the process of distributing a voltage between components in a divider.

IN : The Philharmonic Society of Corfu is part of that tradition. Corfu city has a Mediterranean climate.
OUT: The Philharmonic Society of Corfu is a cultural institution in Corfu city, which has a Mediterranean climate.

IN : The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 completely reorganised Scotland's local administration in 1975. All burghs were abolished, and a system of districts created.
OUT: Scotland's local administration was reorganised in 1975 under the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973, abolishing burghs and establishing districts with broad powers to deliver services such as education, social work,

IN : The family's fortunes were reversed during the Panic of 1837.
OUT: The family's fortune changed during the Panic of 1837.

IN : Richard Royce Schrock (born 4 January 1945) is an American chemist and Nobel laureate recognized for his contributions to the metathesis reaction used in organic chemistry.
OUT: American chemist and Nobel laureate Richard Schrock is known for his work on the metathesis reaction in organic chemistry.

IN : Ozan is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
OUT: Ozan is a commune in eastern France, located in the Ain department.

IN : The 1950s was the decade that began on January 1, 1950 and ended on December 31, 1959.
OUT: The 1950s spanned from 1950 to 1959.

IN : For ten years, the emperor kept the mother of his most famous victim from setting foot in France.
OUT: The emperor prevented the mother of his most famous victim from entering France for ten years.

IN : The band contributed a song for the 1995 compilation album, Hempilation: Freedom Is NORML, called "Convicted" .
OUT: The band wrote a song called "Convicted" for the 1995 compilation album, Hempilation: Freedom Is NORML.

IN : Some scholars say that during the Ukrainian independence referendum held in 1991, Zakarpattia Oblast voters were given a separate option on whether or not they favored autonomy for the region.
OUT: During the 1991 Ukrainian independence referendum, Zakarpattia Oblast voters were offered a choice on autonomy.

IN : There can be little doubt that a cult of Nephthys existed in the temple and great town of Herakleopolis, north of Sepermeru.
OUT: A cult of Nephthys existed in Herakleopolis.

IN : Alvarezsaurus was featured in the Discovery Channel television series Dinosaur Planet, which speculated that it was a predator of young Saltasaurus, though these species did not exist at the same time, Alvarezsaurus being about 5 million years older than Saltasaurus.
OUT: Alvarezsaurus, though older than Saltasaurus by about 5 million years, was depicted as a predator of young Saltasaurus in Dinosaur Planet.

IN : Lolita is included on Times list of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005.
OUT: Lolita is on the Times list of the 100 best English-language novels (from 1923 to 2005).

IN : They are classified within the Hominina subtribe of the Hominini tribe.
OUT: The Hominina subtribe includes them.

IN : The reigning monarch of each of the Commonwealth realms is at the apex of the Order of St. John as its Sovereign Head, followed by the Duke of Gloucester, as Grand Prior since 1974.
OUT: The monarch of each Commonwealth realm is the Sovereign Head of the Order of St. John, and the Duke of Gloucester is the Grand Prior.

IN : Sled dogs have become a popular winter recreation and sport in North America and Europe; sled dogs are now found even in such unlikely places as Germany and Japan. Several distinct dog breeds are used as sled dogs, however, dog drivers have a long history of using other breeds or crossbreeds as sled dogs.
OUT: Sled dogs are popular in North America, Europe, Germany, and Japan for winter recreation and sports. Various breeds are used, but drivers have historically used other breeds or crossbreeds as well.

IN : Late on August 3, deep convection developed over the center of circulation again, though persistent vertical shear weakened Chris to a tropical depression on August 4.
OUT: Deep convection developed again on August 3, but Chris weakened to a tropical depression on August 4 due to vertical shear.

IN : In a non-leap year, there are 365 days, in a leap year there are 366 days. A leap year occurs every 4 years.
OUT: A leap year has 366 days, occurring every 4 years.

IN : WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 (also shortened to WWE SvR 2011) is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's and published by THQ for the PlayStation 2 (PS2) , PlayStation 3 (PS3) , PlayStation Portable (PSP) , Wii and Xbox 360 systems.
OUT: WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 is a professional wrestling video game developed for PS2, PS3, PSP, Wii, and Xbox 360.

IN : He was the son of Siegfried Wagner, the grandson of Richard Wagner, and the great-grandson of Franz Liszt.
OUT: He is the grandson of Richard Wagner and great-grandson of Franz Liszt, also the son of Siegfried Wagner.

IN : The area also contains the Retezat National Park, Romania's first national park.
OUT: Romania's first national park, the Retezat National Park, is located in the area.

IN : -- 1 BC) was a Han Dynasty politician who quickly rose from obscurity as a minor official to being the most powerful official in the imperial administration of Emperor Ai within a span of a few years.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: -- 1 BC) was a Han Dynasty politician who quickly rose from obscurity as a minor official to being the most powerful official in the imperial administration of Emperor Ai within a span of a few years. -- The Han Dynasty politician 1 BC rose rapidly from obscurity to become the most powerful official in Emperor Ai's imperial administration within a few years.

IN : South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana.
OUT: South Africa has produced many renowned rugby players, such as Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha, and Bryan Habana.

IN : Scottie Maurice Pippen (born September 25, 1965) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) .
OUT: Scottie Pippen, born September 25, 1965, is a retired NBA player.

IN : When this happens, the vacant seats have to be filled by co-option by the council.
OUT: The council fills vacant seats by co-option.

IN : The formal Latin style is.
OUT: The formal Latin style is. (This sentence is already quite simple.)

IN : Saint-Josse, or Saint-Josse-sur-Mer, is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Saint-Josse is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department, Nord-Pas-de-Calais region, France.

IN : Although both players start with one queen each, a player can promote a pawn to any of several types of pieces including a queen when the pawn is moved to the player's furthest rank, which is the opponents first rank.
OUT: A player can promote a pawn to a queen when reaching the opponent's rank.

IN : He discovered that ants were sensitive to the ultraviolet range of the spectrum.
OUT: The ants are sensitive to ultraviolet light.

IN : The last train ran on 29 September 1935.
OUT: The last train ran on September 29, 1935.

IN : In total, about 6,000 Nuremberg residents are estimated to have been killed in air raids.
OUT: Approximately 6,000 Nuremberg residents were killed in air raids.

IN : Resident Evil 4, known in Japan as Biohazard 4, is a survival horror third-person shooter video game developed by Capcom's Production Studio 4 and published by multiple publishers, including Capcom, Ubisoft, Nintendo Australia, Red Ant Enterprises and THQ Asia Pacific.
OUT: Resident Evil 4 is a survival horror third-person shooter game developed by Capcom.

IN : He won the Iron Cross and reached the rank of lieutenant by the time the Armistice was signed in November, 1918.
OUT: By November, 1918, he had won the Iron Cross and achieved the rank of lieutenant.

IN : The Heartfield piece The Hand has 5 Fingers with its original text: `` 5 fingers make a hand!
OUT: "A hand has five fingers."

IN : Dull is a village located in the county of Perth & Kinross in Scotland.
OUT: The village of Perth & Kinross in Scotland is less exciting, or not very interesting, called Dull.

IN : David states that he was the least of his brothers, and yet God chose him to be anointed king (vv.
OUT: David asserted that he was the least of his brothers, but God selected him to be the anointed king.

IN : Neuve-Chapelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Neuve-Chapelle is a French commune in the Pas-de-Calais department.

IN : His choice of which mussel to eat first was interpreted as indicating his prediction of a win for the country whose flag was on that box.
OUT: His pick of the first mussel showed he thought his country would win.

IN : Michelle Keegan (born 3 June 1987) is an English actress who currently plays Tina McIntyre in the soap opera Coronation Street.
OUT: Michelle Keegan is an English actress in Coronation Street.

IN : Once the Ionian revolt was finally crushed by the Persian victory at the Battle of Lade, Darius began to plan to subjugate Greece.
OUT: After the Ionian revolt was put down by the Persians at the Battle of Lade, Darius planned to conquer Greece.

IN : He was so moved by her death that he decided to abdicate, June 4, 1802 in favor of his brother Victor Emmanuel.
OUT: Moved by her death, he abdicated on June 4, 1802, in favor of his brother Victor Emmanuel.

IN : The World Constructors' Championship title is awarded to the constructor of the chassis of the make that scores the most points.
OUT: The constructor with the highest point score wins the World Constructors' Championship title.

IN : One storm, Typhoon Skip, formed in the central Pacific but did not receive a name until it reached the west Pacific, therefore only Nele was used from the central Pacific list.
OUT: The storm, Typhoon Skip, formed in the central Pacific but was named only when it reached the west Pacific. Therefore, Nele was the only name used from the central Pacific list.

IN : Figaro's trial follows, and the judgment is that Figaro must marry Marcellina.
OUT: Figaro is put on trial. He is sentenced to marry Marcellina.

IN : Middletown is a city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
OUT: Middletown is in Jefferson County, Kentucky, USA.

IN : She was promoted to Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2009 Queen's Birthday Honours.
OUT: She was made a Dame in 2009.

IN : The contemporary English understanding of the word anomie can accept greater flexibility in the word "norm" , and some have used the idea of normlessness to reflect a similar situation to the idea of anarchy.
OUT: The term anomie allows for a broader interpretation of "norms," and some use the term "normlessness" interchangeably with "anarchy."

IN : Nautiluses reproduce by laying eggs.
OUT: Nautiluses lay eggs.

IN : Marcelo Carracedo (born April 16, 1970 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played in clubs of Argentina, Japan, Chile, Mexico, Spain, Germany and Austria.
OUT: Marcelo Carracedo is a former Argentine footballer who has played in clubs in Argentina, Japan, Chile, Mexico, Spain, Germany, and Austria.

IN : Rancid supported The Offspring's 1994 tour, which helped Let's Go reach number 97 on Billboards Heatseekers and the Billboard 200 charts, respectively.
OUT: Rancid opened for The Offspring in 1994, contributing to the success of their album "Let's Go."

IN : Viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901, with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by Walter Reed.
OUT: In 1901, Walter Reed discovered the yellow fever virus, confirming viruses as human pathogens.

IN : The lithium ion Li + administered as any of several lithium salts has proved to be useful as a mood-stabilizing drug due to neurological effects of the ion in the human body. Lithium and its compounds have several industrial applications, including heat-resistant glass and ceramics, high strength-to-weight alloys used in aircraft, lithium batteries and lithium-ion batteries.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The lithium ion Li + administered as any of several lithium salts has proved to be useful as a mood-stabilizing drug due to neurological effects of the ion in the human body. Lithium and its compounds have several industrial applications, including heat-resistant glass and ceramics, high strength-to-weight alloys used in aircraft, lithium batteries and lithium-ion batteries. However, lithium is most widely known for its therapeutic use as a mood stabilizer in psychiatry.

IN : Collins was recognized as a Literary Lion of the New York Public Library (1992) and selected as the New York State Poet for 2004-2006.
OUT: Collion was honored as a New York Public Library Literary Lion in 1992 and appointed New York State Poet from 2004 to 2006.

IN : The town is probably best known for its association with aviation - Farnborough Airshow, Farnborough Aerodrome and the Air Accidents Investigation Branch.
OUT: Farnborough is known for its aviation connections: the Farnborough Airshow, Farnborough Aerodrome, and the Air Accidents Investigation Branch.

IN : A quiet village at the junction of the R297 regional road and the N59 national secondary road approximately halfway between Sligo and Ballina.
OUT: The village is located at the intersection of the R297 and N59 roads, about halfway between Sligo and Ballina.

IN : This is the calendar for any leap year starting on Friday (dominical letter CB) , such as 1960, 1988, or 2016.
OUT: A leap year starting on a Friday is a year with a dominical letter CB. Such years include 1960, 1988, and 2016.

IN : Of the 6,122 members of the 2006 freshman class, 290 had been named valedictorian of their high school's graduating class.
OUT: In the 2006 freshman class of 6,122 members, 290 were valedictorians from their high schools.

IN : It is within the local government council area of Stirling.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It is within the local government council area of Stirling. The local government council area is Stirling.

IN : Other characters of interest include Kora, the Inn Keeper, who unknown to Hercules and his friends, is a devotee of Artemis, Goddess of the Hunt.
OUT: Kora, the Inn Keeper, is a secret devotee of Artemis.

IN : In addition to being able to work for other studios, Monroe had the right to reject any script, director or cinematographer she did not approve of.
OUT: Monroe had the right to choose her projects.

IN : He worked on the theory and practice of protectionist trade and on agriculture.
OUT: He focused on protectionist trade and agriculture.

IN : Ayette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
OUT: Ayette is a commune in northern France, located in the Pas-de-Calais department.

IN : Odysseus also plays a key role in Homer's Iliad and other works in the Epic Cycle.
OUT: Odysseus is a significant character in Homer's Iliad and other works in the Epic Cycle.

IN : It is the only living member of the genus Neophron.
OUT: The genus Neophron has only one living species.

IN : The city is the capital of both the Arica Province and the Arica and Parinacota Region.
OUT: The city is the capital of Arica Province and Arica and Parinacota Region.

IN : He also made the thrones for the other gods on Mount Olympus.
OUT: He made thrones for other gods on Mount Olympus.

IN : He holds the records for both the first and second longest unbeaten streaks in competitive chess history.
OUT: The records for the longest unbeaten streaks in competitive chess history are held by him.

IN : The Gobi (, "semidesert" ;) is a large desert region in Asia. It covers parts of northern and northwestern China, and of southern Mongolia.
OUT: The Gobi is a large desert in Asia, covering parts of northern and northwestern China and southern Mongolia.

IN : Often the record label's decisions are prudent ones from a commercial perspective, but this typically frustrates the artist who feels that their artwork is being diminished or misrepresented by such actions.
OUT: Record labels often make commercially sound decisions that artists find frustrating due to perceived diminishment or misrepresentation of their artwork.

IN : In 1862 Lipman sold his patent to Joseph Reckendorfer for $ 100,000, who went to sue the pencil manufacturer Faber-Castell for infringement.
OUT: In 1862, Lipman sold his patent to Reckendorfer for $100,000, who then sued Faber-Castell for infringement.

IN : He is the first Hispanic to win a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
OUT: He's the first Hispanic to win the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.

IN : The name "parmigiana" does not derive from that of the cheese but is the Italianization of the Sicilian dialectal word "parmiciana" , which refers to the slats of wood which compose the central part of a shutter and overlap in the same manner as the slices of eggplant in the dish. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The name "parmigiana" does not derive from that of the cheese but is the Italianization of the Sicilian dialectal word "parmiciana" , which refers to the slats of wood which compose the central part of a shutter and overlap in the same manner as the slices of eggplant in the dish. ''The name 'parmigiana' doesn't come from cheese, but is the Italianized version of the Sicilian dialect word 'parmiciana', which means the wooden slats in a shutter that overlap like the eggplant slices in the dish.''

IN : There were unconfirmed reports that 17 people were killed by floods in the state of Puebla caused by Alma's rains.
OUT: 1. Reports indicated that 17 people died in Puebla due to flooding caused by Alma's rains.

IN : Madras Presidency was eventually reconstituted as Madras State.
OUT: Madras State was formed from Madras Presidency.

IN : The Association of Tennis Professionals and Women's Tennis Association awarded ranking points in all events apart from the mixed doubles.
OUT: The ATP and WTA award ranking points in all singles and doubles events except mixed doubles.

IN : Non-queueing disk drives service the requests in the order received, like an old elevator; queueing drives service requests in the most efficient order.
OUT: Non-queueing disk drives process requests in the order received, while queueing drives optimize request processing.

IN : Transliterations from Arabic to English may vary; in particular, the article "al" is sometimes transliterated as "el" .
OUT: Transliterations from Arabic to English can differ, especially for the article "al," which is sometimes rendered as "el" .

IN : Some URLs reveal a page-number parameter (such as "pg") .
OUT: Some URLs with page-number parameters can be simplified by removing the parameter and the equal sign.

IN : On 10 December 1878, the gang raided the National Bank at Euroa.
OUT: In 1878, the gang robbed the National Bank at Euroa on December 10th.

IN : For users uninterested in microformats, it should be noted that this restriction has no known impacts other than microformat data which are currently invisible to users.
OUT: This restriction doesn't affect users not interested in microformats, but it makes microformat data invisible to them.

IN : The new companies of Channel 4 and S4C also brought recipes to the television with their own text system called ORACLE.
OUT: The new companies introduced recipes on television using their text system ORACLE.

IN : Due to difficulties in getting the messages across the lines, neither side knew for some days that the other was in agreement to that offer.
OUT: It took several days for both sides to realize they had agreed to the offer, despite communication challenges.

IN : The northern boundary beyond the Riverina is determined by the Lachlan River catchment area and is referred to as the Central West.
OUT: The northern boundary of Riverina is defined by the Lachlan River and is called Central West.

IN : The Mario series of video games has sold more than 200 million copies (210 million as of 2009) , making it the best-selling video game franchise of all time.
OUT: The Mario series is the best-selling video game franchise. (as of 2009, it had sold over 200 million copies)

IN : There are 70,000 new AIDS orphans a year.
OUT: The number of new AIDS orphans each year is approximately 70,000.

IN : The Jumeirah Emirates Hotel Tower, also known as'Em irates Tower Two' is a 56-floor hotel in the city of Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
OUT: A 56-floor hotel in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, named Jumeirah Emirates Tower or Emirates Tower Two, stands at a height of 317 meters, making it the second tallest hotel globally.

IN : He won gold in the madison at the Los Angeles World Track Championships with Rob Hayles.
OUT: He won gold in the Madison at the Los Angeles World Track Championships with Rob Hayles (no need to specify which championships are World Track Championships as it's already clear from the context).

IN : Although the Mesoamerican calendar did not originate with the Maya, their subsequent extensions and refinements of it were the most sophisticated.
OUT: The Mesaamerican calendar's most sophisticated extensions and refinements were made by the Maya.

IN : Germany stopped paying the charge in 2005, Japan followed in 2006, and in 2007 France, Russia, Belgium, and 50 other missions followed suit when the zone extended to their missions' locations (Iran, Sweden and Syria continue to pay the charge) .
OUT: Germany, Japan, France, Russia, Belgium, and others stopped paying the charge in their respective years. (Iran, Sweden, and Syria continue to pay)

IN : Bridgewater is a city in Jackson Township, Adair County, Iowa, United States.
OUT: Bridgewater is a city in Adair County, Iowa, United States, located in Jackson Township.

IN : First he visited a friend of his at the village of Struge.
OUT: He first visited a friend in Struge, then went to the market in Krasne.

IN : By 1170 he had gathered a large number of followers who were referred to as the Poor of Lyons, the Poor of Lombardy, or the Poor of God who would spread their teaching abroad while disguised as peddlers.
OUT: The Poor of Lyons, or the Poor of God, were a large number of followers gathered by him by 1170, spreading their teachings abroad disguised as peddlers.

IN : Jay served as the President of the Continental Congress from 1778 to 1779.
OUT: Jay was President of the Continental Congress from 1778 to 1779.

IN : He was also found by Harvard Scholars as one of the best U.S. Governors in 20th century.
OUT: One of the best U.S. Governors in the 20th century, Harvard Scholars identified him as such.

IN : Valcolla is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
OUT: The municipality of Valcolla is in the district of Lugano, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

IN : In 1796 it was occupied for a short time by Horatio Nelson.
OUT: In 1796, Horatio Nelson briefly occupied it.

IN : First founded as a title in 1925, in 1928 the rank became one of the first commissioned Nazi ranks and was bestowed upon those SA and SS officers who commanded units known as Standarten which were regiment-sized formations of between three hundred and five hundred men.
OUT: The Nazi rank was first established in 1925 and became one of the first commissioned ranks in 1928. It was given to SA and SS officers commanding regiment-sized formations, known as Standarten, which had between 300 and 500 men.

IN : Danielle won the final immunity after Terry fell off and Aras jumped off after receiving a nod from Danielle.
OUT: Danielle won immunity in the final challenge. Terry and Aras were eliminated before her.

IN : The weave is often hidden by napping on one or both sides.
OUT: A weave can be concealed by napping on one or both sides.

IN : The governing SPD and the new STATT party formed a coalition to rule until 1997, when the party lost all seats.
OUT: The SPD and STATT ruled together until 1997, when the STATT party lost all its seats.

IN : The system was designated a subtropical storm on October 26.
OUT: A subtropical storm was named on October 26.

IN : One of Woodstock's most notable buildings is Old St. Paul's Anglican Church.
OUT: Old St. Paul's Anglican Church is one of Woodstock's most notable buildings.

IN : After turning to the northeast, the circulation center merged with an approaching cold front on April 24, and Tropical Storm Ana completed the transition into an extratropical cyclone.
OUT: The circulation center of the storm turned northeast and merged with a cold front on April 24, becoming an extratropical cyclone.

IN : St. Ansgar is a city in Mitchell County, Iowa, United States.
OUT: St. Ansgar is a city in Iowa.

IN : The chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in Canada in 2005.
OUT: The chain generated 22.6% of Canada's fast food industry revenues in 2005.

IN : The settlement the cathedral very quickly developed into a town which was awarded market rights by King Otto III in 983.
OUT: A town grew around the cathedral and received market rights from King Otto III in 983.

IN : Nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city, a center for publishing and many luxury trades.
OUT: Nuremberg was a prosperous city, known for publishing and luxury trades.

IN : For the latter, it is the most common additive used to "iodize" table salt (a public health measure to prevent iodine deficiency in populations which get little seafood) .
OUT: The most common additive for iodizing table salt is used for the latter.

IN : In the autumn of 1923, Powell went up to Balliol College, Oxford.
OUT: Autumn of 1923: Powell went to Balliol College, Oxford.

IN : To the east of Hertfordshire is Essex, to the west is Buckinghamshire and to the north are Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire.
OUT: The neighboring counties of Hertfordshire are Essex to the east, Buckinghamshire to the west, Bedfordshire to the north, and Cambridgeshire to the northwest.

IN : Under this view of federalism, the Supreme Court of the United States, for the first time since the 1930s, struck down an Act of Congress as exceeding federal power under the Commerce Clause.
OUT: The Supreme Court, for the first time since the 1930s, invalidated a federal law under the Commerce Clause.

IN : Wright State University was eventually chosen to honor the Wright Brothers, residents of Dayton.
OUT: Wright State University was chosen to honor the Wright Brothers, who lived in Dayton.

IN : After World War II, the two organizations became increasingly competitive, and in 1961, the leadership of both the IRE and the AIEE resolved to consolidate the two organizations. The two organizations formally merged as the IEEE on January 1, 1963.
OUT: After World War II, the IRE and AIEE grew more competitive. They merged to form the IEEE on January 1, 1963.

IN : The DAX (Deutscher Aktien IndeX, formerly Deutscher Aktien-Index (German stock index)) is a blue chip stock market index consisting of the 30 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
OUT: The DAX is an index of 30 major German companies listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.

IN : Herman also now serves on the boards of several major companies, including Coca Cola Corporation's Human Resources Task Force, Toyota's Diversity Advisory Board, Cummins, Metro Goldwyn Mayer, and Prudential and is the chairman and CEO of New Ventures, Inc.
OUT: Herman serves on the boards of Coca Cola Corporation's Human Resources Task Force, Toyota's Diversity Advisory Board, Cummins, Metro Goldwyn Mayer, and Prudential. He is the chairman and CEO of New Ventures, Inc.

IN : He is the twin brother of Hypnos, the god of sleep.
OUT: The twin brother of Hypnos is He, god of sleep.

IN : The almond is a small deciduous tree, growing to between 4 and 10 meters in height, with a trunk of up to 30 centimetres in diameter.
OUT: A small deciduous tree, up to 10 meters tall with a 30 cm diameter trunk, bears ovate leaves 5-15 cm long and 3-7 cm broad, and produces a

IN : Bergsala, the distributor of Nintendo's products in the Nordic and the Baltic countries, is located at Marios Gata 21 (Mario's Street 21) in Kungsbacka, Sweden, named after Mario.
OUT: The distributor of Nintendo's products in the Nordic and Baltic countries, located in Kungsbacka, Sweden, is named Bergsala and is situated on Mario's Street 21.

IN : The 1910 Cuba hurricane, popularly known as the Cyclone of the Five Days, was a destructive and unusual tropical cyclone which struck Cuba and the United States in October 1910.
OUT: A destructive and unusual tropical cyclone hit Cuba and the United States in October 1910, commonly referred to as the 1910 Cuba hurricane or the Five-Day Cyclone.

IN : For example, 2 edit-commands could be used to add quotation marks around wikilinks:
OUT: Two edit commands can add quotation marks to wikilinks.

IN : Dooku is the main antagonist of Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and throughout the fictional events of the Clone Wars and is a supporting villain in Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. Count Dooku plays a substantial role in the "Expanded Universe" of novels, comic books, and video games.
OUT: Count Dooku is the main antagonist of Star Wars: Attack of the Clones and the Clone Wars, and a supporting villain in Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith. He also plays a significant role in the Star Wars Expanded Universe.

IN : From 1983 to 2010, he was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Folkestone and Hythe.
OUT: He was the MP for Folkestone and Hythe from 1983 to 2010.

IN : Hercules take he torch to Chiron's house and asks him to step inside a circle of straw.
OUT: Hercules brings a torch to Chiron's house and asks him to enter a straw circle.

IN : As a result, the British edible dormouse population, now 10,000 strong, is concentrated in a 200 s triangle between Beaconsfield, Aylesbury and Luton.
OUT: The British edible dormouse population numbers around 10,000 and is primarily found in a 200 square kilometer area between Beaconsfield, Aylesbury, and Luton.

IN : He produced two other operas, Daphne and Florindo, in 1708.
OUT: In 1708, he composed two operas, Daphne and Florindo.

IN : Many sports stars, including NHL hockey player Mario Lemieux, NFL football player Mario Williams, and Italian cycling star Mario Cipollini have been given the nickname "Super Mario" .
OUT: Several sports stars, such as Mario Lemieux in hockey, Mario Williams in football, and Mario Cipollini in cycling, are known as "Super Mario".

IN : The 95 Theses on the Power and Efficacy of Indulgences, commonly known as The Ninety-Five Theses, was written by Martin Luther in 1517 and is widely regarded as the primary catalyst for the Protestant Reformation.
OUT: The Ninety-Five Theses, written by Martin Luther in 1517, initiated the Protestant Reformation.

IN : A total of 59 nations sent athletes.
OUT: Fifty-nine nations sent athletes.

IN : The villagers of Maratha and Santalaris were buried in the same grave.
OUT: This sentence is already quite simple. It could potentially be shortened to "The Maratha and Santalari villagers were buried together," but the original sentence is clear and concise as it is.

IN : Alexandre Vinokourov rode in support, and finished fifth as he won two stages, including the final stage on the Champs-Elysees.
OUT: Alexandre Vinokourov finished 5th and won two stages, including the final one on the Champs-Elysees.

IN : "Sweet Home Alabama" is a song by Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd that first appeared in 1974 on their second album, Second Helping.
OUT: "Sweet Home Alabama" is a 1974 song by Lynyrd Skynyrd.

IN : Under the privatised railway system in Great Britain, the franchise was operated by NXEC Trains Limited, a subsidiary of National Express Group, who operated the franchise in return for payments being made to the Department for Transport.
OUT: The franchise for the privatised railway system in Great Britain was operated by NXEC Trains Limited, a subsidiary of National Express Group. The company received payments from the Department for Transport in return for its operation.

IN : This led to her staying in France for a time where she made two other films: Philippe de Broca's Le Roi de Coeur, opposite Alan Bates and Louis Malle's Le voleur, opposite Jean-Paul Belmondo.
OUT: She made two films in France: Philippe de Broca's Le Roi de Coeur with Alan Bates, and Louis Malle's Le voleur with Jean-Paul Belmondo.

IN : David Russell Gordon "Dave" Davies (born 3 February 1947, Fortis Green, London) is an English rock musician best known for his role as lead guitarist and vocalist for the English rock band The Kinks.
OUT: Dave Davies is an English rock musician, a lead guitarist and vocalist for The Kinks.

IN : One of its primary symbols is that of St Michael trampling over Satan.
OUT: St Michael symbolically defeats Satan.

IN : The Library's collections of Australiana have developed into the nation's single most important resource of materials recording the Australian cultural heritage.
OUT: The Library's Australiana collections are the nation's most important resource for recording Australian cultural heritage.

IN : On the Queen's Birthday weekend in June every year, the town hosts the Henry Lawson Festival of Arts, which attracts thousands of visitors.
OUT: The town holds the Henry Lawson Festival of Arts over Queen's Birthday weekend in June each year, drawing in thousands of visitors.

IN : Narseh's wife would live out the remainder of the war in Daphne, a suburb of Antioch, serving to the Persians as a constant reminder of Roman victory.
OUT: A reminder of Roman victory, Narseh's wife lived in Daphne, a suburb of Antioch, during the war for the Persians.

IN : It was viewed as an attractive agent because:
OUT: The agent was considered appealing due to its ease of use, cost effectiveness, high success rate, safety, and eco-friendliness.

IN : A war erupted between those countries and the Sahrawi national liberation movement Polisario Front, which proclaimed the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) (exiled government in Tindouf, Algeria) .
OUT: A war broke out between those countries and the Polisario Front, which declared the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) as an exiled government in Algeria.

IN : had been chosen because it meant "a sudden outburst of uncontrolled emotion" , and it was a word that "summed it all up" .
OUT: "It was a word that summed it up, meaning 'a sudden outburst of uncontrolled emotion' ."

IN : Iroh is voiced by Mako for two seasons and Greg Baldwin for the final season of the animated series.
OUT: Iroh is voiced by Mako for the first and second seasons, and Greg Baldwin for the third season of the animated series.

IN : The Book of Esther is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible.
OUT: The Book of Esther is a Hebrew Bible book.

IN : Terry narrowly defeated Aras, with Sally placing third.
OUT: Terry won, with Sally in third place.

IN : However, this figure was still the second largest in the country, behind Wembley Stadium, leading to a label of "The Wembley of the North" .
OUT: The second largest figure in the country was this one, trailing Wembley Stadium. (Or: This figure was the second largest in the country, surpassed only by Wembley Stadium.)

IN : Length of the river is approximately 200 km. Lilongwe River flows into Lake Nyasa.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Length of the river is approximately 200 km. Lilongwe River flows into Lake Nyasa. The length of Lilongwe River is around 200 kilometers.

IN : k Lola includes Larrousse and Mastercard Lola entries.
OUT: Lola includes Larrousse and Mastercard entries.

IN : According to Livy (59 BC -- AD 17) the Palatine hill got its name from the Arcadian settlement of Pallantium.
OUT: The Palatine hill is named after Pallantium, an Arcadian settlement, according to Livy.

IN : The other reason was the failure of the Goulding leadership to provide for the defense of nationalist areas.
OUT: Goulding's leadership failed to protect nationalist regions.

IN : In the show, some characters have the ability to manipulate one of the four classic elements of ancient philosophy: Water, Earth, Fire and Air, although the Avatar has the ability to control all four.
OUT: The Avatar can control all four elements, while some show characters can control one.

IN : Ryota Miki is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Fagiano Okayama.
OUT: Ryota Miki is a Japanese football player for Fagiano Okayama.

IN : After pursuing Confederate General Robert E. Lee into Maryland, Union Army Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan launched attacks against Lee's army, in defensive positions behind Antietam Creek.
OUT: Union Gen. McClellan attacked Confederate Gen. Lee's army near Antietam Creek in Maryland.

IN : This day, now known as Inauguration Day, was on March 4 from 1793 until 1933. Since then, Inauguration Day has occurred on January 20 (the 1933 ratification of the Twentieth Amendment changed the start date of the term) .
OUT: From 1793 to 1933, Inauguration Day was on March 4. Since then, it has been on January 20.

IN : Based on paragraph 6.06 in the UEFA regulations for the current season, if two or more teams were equal on points on completion of all the group matches, the following criteria were applied to determine the rankings:
OUT: The following criteria were used to determine the rankings if two or more teams were tied on points: head-to-head record, goal difference, goals scored, and fair play conduct points.

IN : Other works include Sir Arthur Somervell's The Passion of Christ (1914) , Charles Wood's St. Mark Passion (1921) and Eric Thiman's The Last Supper (1930) .
OUT: Other works are The Passion of Christ by Sir Arthur Somervell (1914), St. Mark Passion by Charles Wood (1921), and The Last Supper by Eric Thiman (1930).

IN : Food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in domestic cooking.
OUT: Food coloring is used in food production (commercial and domestic).

IN : Ctesiphon was taken and its royal palace set to flame.
OUT: Ctesiphon was captured and its palace was burned.

IN : Vauxhall underground station is between Pimlico and Stockwell with a peak time service interval of about two minutes. .
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Vauxhall underground station is between Pimlico and Stockwell with a peak time service interval of about two minutes. . The simplified sentence is: Vauxhall underground station is between Pimlico and Stockwell with frequent service.

IN : The album was released as a double disc, the first disc containing songs performed live, the other containing new studio-recorded songs.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The album was released as a double disc, the first disc containing songs performed live, the other containing new studio-recorded songs. The first disc features live performances, while the second disc includes new studio recordings.

IN : K-Swiss, Inc. is an American footwear company based in Westlake Village, California.
OUT: K-Swiss is an American footwear company based in California.

IN : The Old Schwamb Mill is the oldest continuously operating mill site in the United States.
OUT: The Old Schwamb Mill is the oldest continuously operating mill site in theUSA. (This is the simplified version of the original sentence.)

IN : Network SouthEast (NSE) was one of three passenger sectors of British Rail created in 1982.
OUT: Network SouthEast, a British Rail passenger sector, was established in 1982.

IN : Charlotte Court House is a town in and the county seat of Charlotte County, Virginia, United States.
OUT: Charlotte Court House is the county seat of Charlotte County, Virginia, United States.

IN : The team captain of a football team, sometimes known as the skipper, is a team member chosen to be the on-pitch leader of the team: it is often one of the older or more experienced members of the squad, or a player that can heavily influence a game.
OUT: The team captain leads the football team on the pitch. They are often older or more experienced team members or influential players.

IN : The neck was very long, the trunk robust, and the limbs long and thick, column-like.
OUT: The neck was long, the trunk robust, and the limbs thick and column-like.

IN : Christian Heinrich Nebbien, also known as Heinrich Nebbien or Henrik Nebbien, (1778-1841) was a Belgian-born landscaping architect, mainly active in Austria.
OUT: He was a Belgian-born landscaping architect, active in Austria.

IN : Following his death in 1766 he was succeeded by his son Charles Edward Stuart in the Jacobite Succession.
OUT: After his death in 1766, his son Charles Edward Stuart succeeded him in the Jacobite Succession.

IN : "Goodbye Stranger" by Supertramp takes about a minute to fade out.
OUT: "Goodbye Stranger" by Supertramp lasts about a minute.

IN : The band also released the breakthrough single "Yellow" .
OUT: The band released the breakthrough single "Yellow".

IN : Grover has been missing for two months; Percy and Nico decide to go to the underworld (to visit the river styx) but need him so they look for him on their way.
OUT: Percy and Nico search for Grover in the underworld.

IN : Piyaro Lund is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
OUT: Piyaro Lund is a town and council in Tando Allahyar District, Sindh Province, Pakistan.

IN : Her subsequent studio albums, Feels like Home, released in 2004, Not Too Late, released in 2007 and her 2009 release The Fall, all gained Platinum status after selling over a million copies and were generally well received by critics.
OUT: Her albums Feels like Home (2004), Not Too Late (2007), and The Fall (2009) all reached Platinum status, selling over a million copies and receiving critical acclaim.

IN : The 2 on the top scale is placed over the 5.5 on the bottom scale.
OUT: The 2 is above 5.5.

IN : There was also singles and doubles events for boys and girls (players under 18) , part of the Grade A category of tournaments of the junior tour.
OUT: The junior tour held Grade A singles and doubles events for under-18 boys and girls.

IN : The different types of gauge bosons are described below.
OUT: The gauge bosons are described below in their different types.

IN : Ando was born Wu Pai-fu into a wealthy Taiwanese family in Kagi (today Chiayi) , Taiwan in 1910, when Taiwan was a part of the Empire of Japan. Ando's parents died when he was at an early age.
OUT: Ando, born in Chiayi, Taiwan in 1910, was raised by his uncle after his parents died. He attended school in Chiayi and studied at Keio

IN : The term can also be used in engineering contexts, however, as it is typically used in the physical sciences.
OUT: In engineering, the term is also used.

IN : Khunjerab National Park is a National park in Gilgit Baltistan of Pakistan.
OUT: Khunjerab National Park is a park in Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan.

IN : The young twigs are green at first, becoming purplish where exposed to sunlight, then gray in their second year.
OUT: Young twigs are initially green but turn purplish in sunlight and gray in their second year.

IN : Following the Russian Revolution of 1917, on 12 March 1918 Moscow became the capital of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and of the Soviet Union less than five years later.
OUT: After the Russian Revolution in 1917, Moscow became the capital of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic in 1918 and later of the Soviet Union.

IN : With slide rules, there was a great emphasis on working the algebra to get expressions into the most computable form.
OUT: Slide rules required algebraic manipulation for computable expressions.

IN : They are also the only Scottish team to have won two European trophies, both in the same year. Despite competing in the Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup finals, both in 2000, they have not won any silverware since 1995.
OUT: They have won two European trophies in the same year, making them the only Scottish team to do so. Since then, they have not won any silverware.

IN : To coincide with the brand extension, the event was made exclusive to the Raw brand throughout the event's history.
OUT: The event was exclusively held for the Raw brand throughout its history.

IN : He held this position until 1978 when he stepped down to become undersecretary of the Smithsonian Institution.
OUT: He became undersecretary of the Smithsonian Institution in 1978.

IN : Segisaurus is the only dinosaur to have ever been excavated from the area.
OUT: Segisaurus is the only dinosaur found in that area.

IN : In Germany and Austria, there is a large variety of bread rolls, ranging from white rolls made with wheat flour, to dark rolls containing mostly rye flour.
OUT: In Germany and Austria, various types of bread rolls are available, including white rolls made from wheat flour and dark rolls made from rye flour.

IN : All articles on albums, singles or songs must meet the basic criteria at the notability guidelines, with significant coverage in reliable sources that are independent of the subject.
OUT: Articles about albums, singles, or songs must meet notability guidelines with significant coverage in reliable independent sources.

IN : Melissa Lou Etheridge (born May 29, 1961) is an American rock singer-songwriter and musician.
OUT: Melissa Etheridge is an American rock singer-songwriter and musician (born May 29, 1961).

IN : If you accept, come at once the quickest way possible.
OUT: Accept and come as quickly as you can.

IN : Air New Zealand Flight 901 (TE-901) was a scheduled Air New Zealand Antarctic sightseeing flight that operated between 1977 and 1979, from Auckland Airport to Antarctica and return via Christchurch.
OUT: The scheduled Air New Zealand Antarctic sightseeing flight, TE-901, ran from Auckland Airport to Antarctica and back to Christchurch between 1977 and 1979.

IN : The rankings in all of these charts are based on record sales.
OUT: The charts' rankings are based on sales.

IN : When Principal Skinner goes missing after punishing Bart in school, Bart is immediately accused of murdering him, resulting in his standing trial in court.
OUT: Bart is accused of murdering Principal Skinner after he goes missing following a punishment.

IN : The mechanical transmission, using a scoop control fluid coupling and three-speed Power-flow SSS (synchro-self-shifting) gearbox, was a Hudswell Clarke speciality.
OUT: The Hudswell Clarke company was known for its three-speed Power-flow SSS gearboxes and the use of fluid couplings and scoop controls in their mechanical transmissions.

IN : Mazar-e-Quaid or the National Mausoleum refers to the tomb of the founder of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah.
OUT: The founder of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, is buried at Mazar-e-Quaid or the National Mausoleum.

IN : In 1975, the states of Guanabara and Rio de Janeiro were merged under the name of Rio de Janeiro, with the city of Rio de Janeiro as state capital.
OUT: The states of Guanabara and Rio de Janeiro were merged in 1975, with Rio de Janeiro as the new capital.

IN : It includes several subfamilies, all of which are native to either continental Africa or to Madagascar.
OUT: This group consists of African and Madagascar native subfamilies.

IN : He played with the Colorado Rockies, Toronto Toros, and Birmingham Bulls.
OUT: He played for the Colorado Rockies, Toronto Toros, and Birmingham Bulls.

IN : Apalachicola is located in the northwest part of the state, at, on Apalachicola Bay and at the mouth of the Apalachicola river.
OUT: Apalachicola is located in the northwest of the state, at Apalachicola Bay and the mouth of the Apalachicola River.

IN : The group released their third mini-album, 2009, Year Of Us, on October 19, 2009, five months after the release of Romeo.
OUT: The group released their third mini-album, "Year Of Us," in October 2009, about five months after "Romeo."

IN : Cole married singer Cheryl Tweedy in July 2006.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Cole married singer Cheryl Tweedy in July 2006. Cole married Cheryl Tweedy in 2006.

IN : Travelling to and from West Berlin by road or train always required passing through East German border checks, since West Berlin was an enclave surrounded by East Germany and East Berlin.
OUT: Traveling to and from West Berlin involved border checks due to its enclave location surrounded by East Germany and East Berlin.

IN : In the case of multiple tribes or castaways who win reward or immunity, they are listed in order of finish, or alphabetically where it was a team effort; where one castaway won and invited others, the invitees are in brackets.
OUT: If multiple castaways win reward or immunity, they are listed in the order they finished or alphabetically if it was a team effort. If one castaway wins and invites others, the invitees are in brackets.

IN : She was later appointed to head the White House Office of Public Liaison, where she was responsible for the administration's relations with interest groups.
OUT: 2. Her responsibilities included managing the administration's relations with interest groups.

IN : In truth, it is the most evil of evils because it prolongs man's torment. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: In truth, it is the most evil of evils because it prolongs man's torment. ''It is the most evil thing because it prolongs suffering.''

IN : They married in 1944 and later lived on the Mississippi River parkway in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
OUT: They married in 1944 and later lived on the Mississippi River parkway in Minneapolis. (No simplification needed as the sentence is already clear and concise.)

IN : Much of the population lives in cities and towns along the Wasatch Front, a metropolitan region that runs north-south with the Wasatch Mountains rising on the eastern side.
OUT: The Wasatch Front is home to about 2.5 million people, with much of the population residing in cities and towns along this north-south metropolitan region, which is bordered by the Wasatch Mountains on the east.

IN : After the war in 1946, Davey returned to Streatham where he took up playing in defense having previously played right wing.
OUT: In 1946, after the war, Davey started playing defense in Streatham, having played right wing before.

IN : William Felton "Bill" Russell (born February 12, 1934) is a retired American professional basketball player who played center for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA) .
OUT: Bill Russell, born February 12, 1934, is a retired American basketball player who won a record-breaking 11 NBA championships with the Boston Celtics.

IN : A modern elevator processes the requests to stop at floors in the logical order 2, 4, and 5, without unnecessary travel.
OUT: A modern elevator follows a logical sequence to stop at floors 2, 4, and 5.

IN : WWE decided not to add another superstar in his place, making that year's Money in the Bank ladder match the first year to have seven participants.
OUT: The first Money in the Bank ladder match had seven participants. WWE chose not to add an eighth superstar.

IN : He was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame later the same year.
OUT: The same year he was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame.

IN : Filming took place at Goshen Station in northern Queensland during 2000 and aired from January 28, 2001 to May 3, 2001 on CBS.
OUT: The filming occurred at Goshen Station in northern Queensland in the year 2000. It was broadcast on CBS from January 28, 2001, to May 3, 2001.

IN : The others are Bart Starr, Joe Namath, Terry Bradshaw, Joe Montana, Emmitt Smith, and Steve Young.
OUT: The six individuals are: Bart Starr, Joe Namath, Terry Bradshaw, Joe Montana, Emmitt Smith, and Steve Young.

IN : Ramonet proposed to create an association for the introduction of this tax, which was named ATTAC (Association for the Taxation of financial Transactions for the Aid of Citizens) .
OUT: Ramonet proposed creating ATTAC, an association for a financial transaction tax.

IN : It mentions that Gardabhilla, the then powerful king of Ujjain, abducted a nun called Sarasvati who was the sister of the monk.
OUT: The king of Ujjain, Sarasvati's sister who was a nun, was abducted by him.

IN : The Fagales are an order of flowering plants, including some of the best known trees.
OUT: The Fagales are well-known trees. (This sentence simplifies the original by removing the mention of the order and the fact that some trees are included in it.)

IN : The pure gas is produced by adding concentrated nitric acid over tin.
OUT: Nitric acid is added to produce pure gas over tin.

IN : In the early 1970s, she became a founding member of The Furies Collective, a lesbian feminist newspaper collective which held that heterosexuality was the root of all oppression.
OUT: The founding member joined The Furies Collective, a lesbian feminist newspaper, in the early 1970s, believing heterosexuality was the source of all oppression.

IN : In order to solve ADAM shortages, the Little Sisters were mentally conditioned to wander the city and extract ADAM from the dead, recycling it into raw ADAM in their stomachs after swallowing it.
OUT: The Little Sisters were conditioned to extract ADAM from the dead and recycle it.

IN : Raitt has received nine Grammy Awards in her career and is a lifelong political activist.
OUT: Raitt is a nine-time Grammy Award winner and an activist.

IN : Susanna and the Countess arrive, dressed in each other's clothes.
OUT: Susanna and the Countess arrive wearing each other's clothes.

IN : The trafficking is multidimensional and it involves both commercial sexual exploitation and labor exploitation.
OUT: The trafficking involves commercial sexual exploitation and labor exploitation.

IN : However, not enough observations were made to establish an orbit and it was subsequently lost.
OUT: Insufficient observations were made to establish an orbit, and it was lost.

IN : An April 2008 poll by SurveyUSA estimated that at least 18 million American adults had been rickrolled.
OUT: A SurveyUSA poll from April 2008 found that at least 18 million American adults had been rickrolled.

IN : The team originated that year in Vancouver, British Columbia and relocated to Memphis in 2001.
OUT: The team formed in Vancouver, British Columbia in 19XX and moved to Memphis in 2001.

IN : One notable award for science fiction films is the Saturn Award.
OUT: The Saturn Award is given for notable science fiction films.

IN : Nereid (or;) , also known as Neptune II, is the third-largest moon of Neptune.
OUT: Nereid, also called Neptune II, is Neptune's third-largest moon.

IN : Newton explains `` the fact that all the colors appear only when the prism is at a certain distance from the screen, whereas the middle otherwise is white... (by saying) the more strongly diverted lights from the upper part of the image and the more weakly diverted ones from the lower part fall together in the middle and mix into white.
OUT: Newton explains the colors appear only at a certain distance from the screen, while the middle is white due to stronger diverted lights from the upper part and weaker ones from the lower part mixing together.

IN : Additionally, deflation may cause the economy to enter a liquidity trap. However, historically not all episodes of deflation correspond with periods of poor economic growth.
OUT: Deflation doesn't always lead to poor economic growth.

IN : This was a more liberal system than had existed in Prussia before 1848, but was still a conservative system of government in which the monarch, the aristocracy, and the military retained most of the power.
OUT: The system in place after 1848 in Prussia was more liberal than before, but it remained a conservative government where the monarch, aristocracy, and military held significant power.

IN : Cook records that it was Lieutenant Zachary Hickes who first saw land, and Cook named the point after him.
OUT: Lieutenant Zachary Hickes was the first to spot land, and Cook named the point after him.

IN : The Green Party of England and Wales (GPEW) is a political party in England and Wales which follows the traditions of Green politics and maintains a strong commitment to social progressivism. It is the largest Green party in the United Kingdom, containing within it various regional divisions including the semi-autonomous Wales Green Party.
OUT: The Green Party in England and Wales is the largest in the UK, following Green politics and committed to social progressivism.

IN : The name Carol was also later retired after the modern naming system was instituted; however, it was not because of the 1965 storm but because of Hurricane Carol in 1954.
OUT: After the modern naming system was instituted, Hurricane Carol in 1954 led to the retirement of the name Carol.

IN : Typically this organ is located in the tail of the electric fish.
OUT: The electric fish's organ is usually in its tail.

IN : According to their biomechanical analysis, the skull was very strong but had a relatively small bite force.
OUT: The skull was strong but had a modest bite force.

IN : Shadow of the Hegemon (2001) is the second novel in the Ender's Shadow series (often called the Bean Quartet) by Orson Scott Card.
OUT: The second novel in the Ender's Shadow series, written by Orson Scott Card in 2001, is titled Shadow of the Hegemon.

IN : The station is served by the Piccadilly line, between Piccadilly Circus and Hyde Park Corner, the Victoria line, between Victoria and Oxford Circus, and the Jubilee line, between Bond Street and Westminster.
OUT: The station is on the Piccadilly line between Piccadilly Circus and Hyde Park Corner, the Victoria line between Victoria and Oxford Circus, and the Jubilee line between Bond Street and Westminster.

IN : Baldwin is known as the Father of American Civil Engineering.
OUT: Baldwin is called the Father of American Civil Engineering.

IN : After being hospitalized three times (between June 1976 and February or March 1977) , Carver began his ` second life' and stopped drinking on June 2, 1977, with the help of Alcoholics Anonymous.
OUT: Carver was hospitalized three times between June 1976 and early 1977. He then stopped drinking on June 2, 1977, with the help of Alcoholics Anonymous, marking the start of his second life.

IN : In quantum mechanics, the particle in a box model (also known as the infinite potential well or the infinite square well) describes a particle free to move in a small space surrounded by impenetrable barriers.
OUT: A particle in quantum mechanics is confined to a small space with impenetrable barriers. (The particle in a box model, infinite potential well, or infinite square well refers to this concept.)

IN : It is often mistakenly considered to be a formal fallacy, but it is not, because a false analogy consists of an error in the substance of an argument (the content of the analogy itself) , not an error in the logical structure of the argument.
OUT: A false analogy involves an error in the comparison's substance, not its logical structure.

IN : Pakistan's government claims they had no part in the espionage, but refuses to turn Khan over for questioning by the International Atomic Energy Agency.
OUT: Pakistan's government denies involvement in espionage but won't let Khan be questioned by the IAEA.

IN : Figaro is hiding behind a bush and, thinking the song is for the Count, becomes increasingly jealous.
OUT: Figaro, believing the song is for the Count, grows more jealous while hiding behind a bush.

IN : A gas giant (sometimes also known as a Jovian planet after the planet Jupiter, or giant planet) is a large planet that is not primarily composed of rock or other solid matter.
OUT: A gas giant is a large planet mostly made of gas.

IN : Many instant messaging services offer video calling features, Voice Over IP (VoIP) and web conferencing services.
OUT: Instant messaging services often include video calling, VoIP, and web conferencing.

IN : The song, widely known as Selena's signature song, won both the Premio Lo Nuestro Awards for "Pop Ballad of the Year" and was awarded "Regional Mexican Song of the Year" for three consecutive years, starting in 1995. During the Tejano Music Awards, the single won all nominated awards for the album Amor Prohibido.
OUT: Several awards were given to Selena's signature song "Amor Prohibido" from 1995 to 1997.

IN : This category comprises articles pertaining to the Shinto religion.
OUT: The category includes articles about Shinto religion.

IN : At the time they were published, Austen's works were considered fashionable by members of high society but received few positive reviews.
OUT: High society found Austen's works fashionable when published, with few positive reviews.

IN : Many large hearths also appear.
OUT: A: Many large hearths appear.

IN : Waldemar de Brito (May 17, 1913 -- February 21, 1979) was a Brazilian footballer, who played for several clubs in Brazil and Argentina, as well as for the Brazil national team.
OUT: Waldemar de Brito (1913-1979) was a Brazilian footballer who played for various Brazilian and Argentine clubs and represented the Brazilian national team.

IN : The "Turing" machine was described by Alan Turing in 1936, who called it an "a (utomatic) - machine" .
OUT: A machine described by Alan Turing in 1936 as an automatic machine.

IN : He has come to be known for his unique countertenor nasal falsetto singing voice, as well as his cryptic and poetry-influenced song lyrics.
OUT: He's known for his unique nasal falsetto singing voice and cryptic, poetry-influenced lyrics.

IN : During the rainy season the rivers from the northeast (in outback Queensland) flow towards the lake through the Channel Country.
OUT: The rivers in northeast Queensland flow towards the lake during rainy season in Channel Country.

IN : Late on June 4, the extratropical remnant entered New England, and late on June 5 the remnants of Barry were absorbed by a larger extratropical cyclone near the border between the U.S. state of Maine and the Canadian province of Quebec.
OUT: The remnants of Barry entered New England on June 5, and were absorbed by a larger extratropical cyclone near the Maine-Quebec border.

IN : In the rare case that both consuls marched together, each one held the command for a day respectively.
OUT: One of the consuls led, the other followed, alternating daily.

IN : Mint has a number of design differences from Ubuntu, including:
OUT: Mint uses different software for package management, file management, and terminal emulation than Ubuntu.

IN : Distances can be measured on a map using compasses with two spikes, also called a dividing compass.
OUT: Distances can be measured on a map using compasses.

IN : It is also the name of the street running from Broadway to South Street on the East River.
OUT: The name of the street running from Broadway to South Street on the East River is also called that.

IN : Fair-weather waterspouts occur in coastal waters and are associated with dark, flat-bottomed, developing convective cumulus towers.
OUT: Waterspouts form in coastal areas near dark, flat-bottomed cumulus clouds.

IN : British Rail Class EE1 (Electric Express 1) was an electric locomotive commissioned by the North Eastern Railway in 1922.
OUT: The North Eastern Railway commissioned an electric locomotive, the British Rail Class EE1, in 1922.

IN : Before nationalisation of the railways in 1948 and the creation of British Railways, three of the "Big Four" railway companies operated in Northamptonshire: the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, London and North Eastern Railway and Great Western Railway.
OUT: The Big Four railway companies operated in Northamptonshire before nationalisation in 1948: the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, London and North Eastern Railway, and Great Western Railway.

IN : The most famous is probably the highly fictionalized 1956 Anastasia starring Ingrid Bergman as Anna Anderson, Yul Brynner as General Bounine (a fictional character based on several actual men) , and Helen Hayes as the Dowager Empress Marie, Anastasia's paternal grandmother.
OUT: The most famous 1956 film about Anastasia stars Ingrid Bergman as Anna Anderson, Yul Brynner as a fictional general, and Helen Hayes as the dowager empress.

IN : Common sense must be applied where it most pertains, and in particular it must be remembered that anyone can pass themselves off as anyone on the Internet.
OUT: Common sense is crucial online, as people can easily deceive others' identities.

IN : He has played for Japan national team.
OUT: He plays for Japan's national team.

IN : This design was very influential for racing engines as it featured for the first time dual overhead camshafts (DOHC) and four valves per cylinder, a layout that would become the standard until today for racing inline-four engines.
OUT: The design was the first to use dual overhead camshafts (DOHC) and four valves per cylinder in racing inline-four engines. This layout became the standard.

IN : Freddy Krueger is in all the A Nightmare on Elm Street films, and was officially killed off in part six, Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare.
OUT: Freddy Krueger appears in all A Nightmare on Elm Street films except Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare, but he returns in Dream Warriors and New Nightmare.

IN : Acinetobacter baumannii is a species of pathogenic bacteria, referred to as an aerobic gram-negative bacterium, that is resistant to most antibiotics.
OUT: Acinetobacter baumannii is a drug-resistant aerobic gram-negative bacterium.

IN : A total of 512 Class 47s were built at Crewe Works and Brush's Falcon Works, Loughborough between 1962 and 1968, which made them the most numerous class of British mainline diesel locomotive.
OUT: The most numerous class of British mainline diesel locomotives, 512 Class 47s, were built between 1962 and 1968 at Crewe Works and Falcon Works in Loughborough.

IN : Some authors, such as Peter Paul Wiplinger, have already several books with Arovell, but others use the publishing house as a platform to publish their first book (s) .
OUT: Some authors publish their first book with Arovell, while others have previously published books with the company.

IN : Agave species are used to make pulque and mezcal, while others are valued for their fibers.
OUT: Agave is used to make pulque and mezcal, and some species have valuable fibers.

IN : In Tbilisi, one can also find the Rustaveli Theatre, the Shota Rustaveli Institute of Georgian Literature of the Georgian Academy of Sciences, and the Shota Rustaveli Underground Station, among many other landmarks bearing his name.
OUT: One can find the Rustaveli Theatre, the Shota Rustaveli Institute, and the Shota Rustaveli Underground Station, all named after him, in Tbilisi.

IN : Electrocution is the stopping of life (determined by a stopped heart) by any type of electric shock. In the vernacular, the term electrocution is used to mean:
OUT: Electrocution is applying electric current that causes death.

IN : Likewise, the Totem pole of North and South America is a type of stelae.
OUT: The Totem pole is a type of stela in North and South America.

IN : George Gideon Oliver Osborne, MP (born 23 May 1971 in Paddington, London) is a British Conservative politician.
OUT: George Osborne is a British Conservative politician.

IN : Journans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
OUT: Journans is a commune in eastern France (in the Ain department).

IN : Robinson took the ex-player's advice and wrote Monarchs' co-owner Thomas Baird.
OUT: Robinson wrote to Thomas Baird, the Monarchs' co-owner, following the ex-player's advice.

IN : Wolfgang Dremmler (born 12 July 1954 in Salzgitter) is a former German football player.
OUT: Dremmler, born in 1954, is a former German football player.

IN : The 1997 Constitution established Fijian as an official language of Fiji, along with English and Fiji Hindi, and there is a discussion about establishing it as the "national language" , though English and Hindustani would remain official. Fijian is a VOS language.
OUT: Fijian is an official language of Fiji, along with English and Fiji Hindi. There are discussions about making it the national language, while English and Hindi continue to be official. Fijian is a VOS language.

IN : Kenneth Claiborne Royall (July 24, 1894 -- May 25, 1971) was a United States Army general and the last person to hold the office of Secretary of War.
OUT: Kenneth C. Royall was the last US Army general and Secretary of War (1894-1971).

IN : For Stowe, blood relations rather than paternalistic relations between masters and slaves formed the basis of families.
OUT: Stowe believed that family ties, not master-slave relationships, were the foundation for slave families.

IN : Lake Iseo or Lago d'Iseo or Sebino is the fourth largest lake in Lombardy, Italy, fed by the Oglio river.
OUT: The fourth largest lake in Lombardy, Italy, is Lake Iseo, also known as Lago d'Iseo or Sebino, and it is fed by the Oglio river.

IN : Similarly, Muslims believe that the Qur ` an was divinely authored, while Jews and Christians do not.
OUT: Muslims believe the Qur'an is divinely authored, while Jews and Christians do not.

IN : Agos (, "Furrow") is an Armenian weekly newspaper published in Istanbul, Turkey. It was established on 5 April 1996.
OUT: Agos, an Armenian weekly in Istanbul, Turkey (since 1996), is led by editor Hrant Dink. Known for Armenian coverage.

IN : Alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers, and, when they read it, they become enraged.
OUT: Alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers, who read it and become enraged.

IN : Plymouth is one of two county seats of Plymouth County, the other being Brockton.
OUT: The county seats of Plymouth County are Plymouth and Brockton.

IN : His family moved to Wedderburn, Victoria when he was five years old, where he attended the local school before working with his father as a haulage contractor.
OUT: When he was five, his family moved to Wedderburn, Victoria, where he went to school and later worked with his father as a haulage contractor.

IN : During the dry season the water recedes into rivers, creeks and isolated waterholes or billabongs.
OUT: The water recedes into rivers, creeks, and billabongs during the dry season.

IN : It is about 40 c tall and the seeds grow in pods, usually with two seeds in each.
OUT: The seeds in the pod grow in pairs, approximately 40 centimeters tall.

IN : Dante saw in him a new Charlemagne who would restore the office of the Holy Roman Emperor to its former glory and also re-take Florence from the Black Guelphs.
OUT: Dante envisioned this man as a new Charlemagne, restoring the Holy Roman Empire's glory and reclaiming Florence from the Black Guelphs.

IN : In Iran the Gozinesh Law (passed in 1985) has the effect of prohibiting Mandaeans from fully participating in civil life.
OUT: The Gozinesh Law in Iran prevents Mandaeans from fully engaging in civil life (passed in 1985).

IN : Upon learning that Jesus is from Galilee, Pilate refers the case to the ruler of Galilee, King Herod, who was in Jerusalem for the Passover Feast.
OUT: Pilate sends the case of Jesus to King Herod in Jerusalem during Passover.

IN : James Earl Jones voiced Maggie in "Treehouse of Horror V" .
OUT: James Earl Jones voiced Maggie in "Treehouse of Horror V." becomes: James Earl Jones provided Maggie's voice in "Treehouse of Horror V."

IN : Names other than mechanician have been used occasionally, such as mechaniker and mechanicist.
OUT: Other names for mechanic include mechaniker and mechanicist.

IN : In the United States, public acceptance of banknotes in replacement of precious metals was hastened in part by Executive Order 6102 in 1933.
OUT: The United States made paper money acceptable as a replacement for precious metals through Executive Order 6102 in 1933.

IN : She released her debut single Crazy Love in 2007.
OUT: She released "Crazy Love" as her debut single in 2007.

IN : Even though South Africa is classified as semi-arid, there is considerable variation in climate as well as topography.
OUT: South Africa's climate and topography vary despite its semi-arid classification.

IN : There are two main types of matches: safety matches, which can be struck only against a specially prepared surface; and strike-anywhere matches, for which any suitably frictional surface can be used.
OUT: Two types of matches exist: safety matches, which require a prepared surface to ignite, and strike-anywhere matches, which can be lit on any frictional surface.

IN : A harmonic damper is a device fitted the free (accessory drive) end of the crankshaft of an internal combustion engine.
OUT: A harmonic damper is a device fitted to the crankshaft's free end in an internal combustion engine.

IN : The developers initially considered "10958" as a short code, but later changed it to "40404" for "ease of use and memorability" .
OUT: The developers considered "40404" as a short code for ease of use and memorability.

IN : When the centrioles are irradiated by a laser, mitosis proceeds normally with a morphologically normal spindle.
OUT: Irradiating centrioles allows for normal mitosis with a regular spindle.

IN : The prancing horse was the symbol on Italian World War I ace Francesco Baracca's fighter plane, and became the logo of Ferrari after the fallen ace's parents, good friends with Enzo Ferrari, asked him to continue his tradition of sportsmanship, gallantry and boldness.
OUT: The prancing horse was Ferrari's logo, inspired by World War I ace Francesco Baracca.

IN : Its county seat is Hugo.
OUT: The county seat is Hugo.

IN : The NWS is tasked with providing "weather, hydrologic, and climate forecasts and warnings for the United States, its territories, adjacent waters and ocean areas, for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the national economy."
OUT: The NWS provides weather, hydrologic, and climate forecasts and warnings for the safety of life and property and the betterment of the national economy in the US and its territories, adjacent waters, and ocean areas.

IN : Its releases typically feature more mature themes & darker tones than those that are released under the Walt Disney Pictures banner.
OUT: The releases under this banner usually have more mature themes and darker tones than those from Walt Disney Pictures.

IN : Lupfig is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
OUT: Lupfig is a Swiss municipality.

IN : The rhythms which make Latin American dance popular were brought to Britain between the two World Wars.
OUT: The rhythms that made Latin American dance popular in Britain were introduced between the two World Wars.

IN : Europa's subsurface ocean of water was later indirectly confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo.
OUT: Europa's subsurface ocean was confirmed by Galileo.

IN : The 1992 opening of the Metrolink in Manchester heralded a revival.
OUT: A revival was heralded by the 1992 Metrolink opening in Manchester.

IN : During the Weimar Republic he was acknowledged for his poster design, his book illustrations and his drawings.
OUT: He was recognized for his poster design, book illustrations, and drawings during the Weimar Republic.

IN : The game is played by facing teams who strike (not catch) the ball with either a bare or gloved hand.
OUT: The game is played against striking teams, barehanded or gloved.

IN : Ulma is a commune located in Suceava County, Romania.
OUT: Ulma is a Romanian commune in Suceava County.

IN : In 2001, Battersea had a population of 75,651 people.
OUT: Battersea had a population of 75,651 in 2001.

IN : Several of the original early 1970s hard rock Southern rock groups are still performing in 2010. This list includes Marshall Tucker, Molly Hatchet, Outlaws, Gregg Allman, Allman Brothers Band, Lynyrd Skynyrd, ZZ Top, Black Oak Arkansas, Blackfoot, .38 Special and Dickey Betts.
OUT: Some Southern rock groups from the early 1970s continue to perform in 2010, such as Marshall Tucker, Molly Hatchet, Outlaws, Gregg Allman, Allman Brothers Band, Lynyrd Skynyr

IN : The city is the county seat of Blount County.
OUT: The city is the seat of Blount County.

IN : Nemaha is a city in Sac County, Iowa, United States.
OUT: Nemaha is a city in Iowa.

IN : When a batter takes his turn to hit, the catcher crouches behind home plate, in front of the umpire, and receives the ball from the pitcher.
OUT: The catcher positions himself behind home plate, in front of the umpire, and receives the ball from the pitcher when it's the batter's turn to hit.

IN : File format identifiers is another, not widely used way to identify file formats according to their origin and their file category.
OUT: Another, less common method for identifying file formats is by their origin and category using file format identifiers.

IN : Sidecarcross is carried out in the same way as regular motocross on very much the same tracks.
OUT: Sidecross is similar to motocross, using the same tracks.

IN : James Dennis Alan "Denny" Hamlin (born November 18, 1980) is an American race car driver.
OUT: Denny Hamlin is an American race car driver.

IN : Common examples of embedded monolithic kernels are Embedded Linux and Windows CE.
OUT: Embedded Linux and Windows CE are common examples of embedded monolithic kernels.

IN : When both projects were judged, it was Koror who won a deluxe shelter; which further frustrated James, who is a steelworker.
OUT: Koror won the deluxe shelter in the project judging, annoying James, a steelworker.

IN : The cranium was the smallest and most primitive Hominina skull ever discovered outside of Africa where typical Hominina, the Australopithecines and early Homo represent two distinctive evolutionary paths sharing a common ancestor.
OUT: The smallest and most primitive Hominina skull, not from Africa, was discovered. This skull predates the evolutionary paths of Australopithecines and early Homo.

IN : These spiders are known to hunt by waiting quietly on a vertical surface (or even a ceiling) and then rushing forward when their prey gets within close range.
OUT: The spiders wait quietly on vertical surfaces or ceilings for prey, then rush forward to attack when it's close.

IN : McAllister succeeded Christian Wulff as party chairman of the CDU in Lower Saxony in June 2008, winning the election by a record margin.
OUT: McMcAllister became CDU party chairman in Lower Saxony in June 2008 with a record-breaking election win.

IN : In 1991, for the first time, Gergiev conducted a western European opera company with the Bavarian State Opera in a performance of Modest Mussorgsky's Boris Godunov in Munich.
OUT: Gergiev conducted Boris Godunov with the Bavarian State Opera in Munich for the first time in 1991.

IN : William Sterndale Bennett was born in Sheffield, the son of Robert Bennett, the local Cathedral organist.
OUT: William Sterndale Bennett was born in Sheffield, the son of a Cathedral organist.

IN : This was followed on August 9, 2000 with a posting of the cover of the Holy Wood novel and a soundclip of "The Love Song" the next day.
OUT: On August 9, 2000, the cover of the Holy Wood novel was posted, along with a soundclip of "The Love Song" the following day.

IN : Notochords were the first "backbones" serving as support structures in chordates such as Haikouichthys.
OUT: Notochords were the first backbones in chordates like Haikouichthys.

IN : In mathematics, the cardinality of a set is a measure of the "number of elements of the set" .
OUT: The cardinality of a set is the number of its elements.

IN : Many garden flowers are also in this group, such as Coreopsis, Cosmos, Echinacea, Rudbeckia, and Zinnia.
OUT: The following flowers are part of this group and are commonly found in gardens: Coreopsis, Cosmos, Echinacea, Rudbeckia, Zinnia.

IN : Although gharials have sacrificed the great mechanical strength of the robust skull and jaw that most crocodiles and alligators have, and in consequence can not prey on large creatures, the reduced weight and water resistance of their lighter skull and very narrow jaw gives gharials the ability to catch rapidly moving fish, using a side-to-side snapping motion.
OUT: Gharials have lighter skulls and narrow jaws, allowing them to catch fish quickly with a side-to-side snapping motion.

IN : Harriot believes that the only important characteristic of a lover is his merit, which, to her, is his ability to become financially successful.
OUT: Harriot values a lover's merit, regarding it as their ability to achieve financial success.

IN : Traditional women's hanbok consists of jeogori, a blouse shirt or a jacket and chima, a wrap-around skirt, which is usually worn full.
OUT: A traditional hanbok includes a jeogori (top) and a chima (skirt).

IN : Grey was very taken by the music and immediately sent a telegram to Bracken congratulating him.
OUT: Grey was greatly impressed by the music and sent Bracken a telegram of congratulations.

IN : Users can interact with their Neopets by reading books to them, caring for them, and playing with them. They can train their Neopets to be fighters in the Battledome against other player's Neopets or against non-player characters.
OUT: Users can read to, care for, and play with their Neopets. They can train them for battles.

IN : Mathematicians often use the term "proof by induction" as shorthand for a proof by mathematical induction.
OUT: Mathematicians use "proof by induction" as a shorthand for mathematical induction.

IN : Phillips died in September 2002 at age 94.
OUT: Phillips died in September 2002, at the age of 94.

IN : All of his principal works are in Florence, Italy.
OUT: His principal works are in Florence, Italy.

IN : The Memorial Cup is a junior ice hockey club championship trophy awarded annually to the Canadian Hockey League (CHL) champion.
OUT: The Memorial Cup is an annual junior ice hockey championship trophy awarded to the Canadian Hockey League winner.

IN : Shortly after, Omidyar went to work for Claris, an Apple Computer subsidiary, where he helped write MacDraw.
OUT: After working for Apple subsidiary Claris, Omidyar helped create MacDraw for Mac.

IN : The city was elected on July 4, 2007, during the 119th International Olympic Committee (IOC) Session in Guatemala City, Guatemala.
OUT: The city was chosen at the IOC Session in Guatemala City, Guatemala, on July 4, 2007.

IN : This had been interpreted as evidence that these dromaeosaurs hunted in coordinated packs like some modern mammals.
OUT: These dromaeosaurs hunted in packs like some modern mammals, according to some interpretations.

IN : Woods County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
OUT: Woods County is in Oklahoma, USA.

IN : A three-quarter flat is represented by a half flat and a regular flat (, a stylized db) .
OUT: A three-quarter flat is represented by a combination of a half flat and a regular flat.

IN : Some Inuit languages such as Inuktitut, appears to have a more secure future in Quebec and Nunavut.
OUT: Inuktitut, along with some other Inuit languages, is expected to thrive in Quebec and Nunavut.

IN : She is best known for her role as Jal Fazer in the first two seasons of Skins.
OUT: She's known for playing Jal Fazer in Skins seasons 1 and 2.

IN : The schooner revenue cutter Vigilant, USRC Vigilant, was lost off Key West during this hurricane on the 4th and 5th.
OUT: The USRC Vigilant, a schooner revenue cutter, was lost off Key West during the hurricane on the 4th and 5th.

IN : On 3 May, however, Yunus declared that he had decided to abandon his political plans following a meeting with the head of the interim government, Fakhruddin Ahmed.
OUT: Yunus gave up his political plans after meeting with Fakhruddin Ahmed on May 3.

IN : Following his retirement, Edwards pursued a media career as a television presenter mainly working for the BBC as a sports commentator and on programs such as Songs of Praise until he gave up this program, due to his loss of faith, in February 2007.
OUT: Edwards worked for the BBC as a sports commentator and on programs like Songs of Praise until he left in February 2007 due to a loss of faith.

IN : The new crossing carries more traffic than the Severn Bridge, which is still in use.
OUT: A newer crossing handles more traffic than the Severn Bridge.

IN : Slanting the balance of articles as a form of defense of some figure, group, institution, or product is bad for the encyclopedia.
OUT: A biased presentation of articles is harmful for an encyclopedia.

IN : For example, for a CTA station in the Chicago Loop:
OUT: A train reaches the Chicago Loop CTA station in about 10 minutes.

IN : Since the Duke of Saxony was considered one of the prince-electors electing a new Holy Roman Emperor, conflict arose between the lines of Lauenburg and Wittenberg over the issue of who should cast Saxony's vote.
OUT: The Duke of Saxony's vote in the election of a new Holy Roman Emperor caused conflict between Lauenburg and Wittenberg.

IN : The genre of music used in such plays is known as Natyasangeet.
OUT: Natyasangeet is the genre of music used in plays.

IN : As of the census of 2000, there were 40,852 people, 16,108 households, and 10,808 families residing in the city.
OUT: According to the 2000 census, the city had a population of 40,852, with 16,108 households and 10,808 families.

IN : The name is the plural form of vin which means "meadow" or "pasture" .
OUT: The name is the plural form of "vin," meaning "meadows" or "pastures."

IN : Diamantinasaurus (meaning "Diamantina River lizard") is a genus of derived titanosaurian dinosaur from late Albian (Early Cretaceous) - age rocks of Australia.
OUT: Diamantinasaurus is a late Albian (Early Cretaceous) Australian dinosaur genus.

IN : There is an abundance of walking tracks.
OUT: A: There are many walking tracks.

IN : It is commonly regarded as sharing ancestry with the Renaissance game of primero and the French brelan.
OUT: The game is believed to have origins in primero and brelan.

IN : On this basis, Kant derives second formulation of the categorical imperative from the first.
OUT: Kant derives the second formulation of the categorical imperative from the first.

IN : Krunoslav Lovrek (born 11 September 1979) is a Croatian football striker who currently plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.
OUT: Krunoslav Lovrek, born September 11, 1979, is a Croatian football striker playing for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.

IN : This should be a standalone expression like foo script Ogham runes bar characters as it completes a parenthetical (in script) .
OUT: This should be a standalone expression like foo script Ogham runes bar characters.

IN : Good Luck Chuck is a 2007 romantic comedy film starring Dane Cook and Jessica Alba.
OUT: Good Luck Chuck is a 2007 romantic comedy with Dane Cook and Jessica Alba.

IN : The Medical School is partnered with the University of Michigan Health System, which comprises the university's three hospitals, dozens of outpatient clinics, and many centers for medical care, research, and education.
OUT: The Medical School is partnered with University of Michigan Health System, offering hospitals, outpatient clinics, research centers, and educational institutions.

IN : Some languages like Chickasaw and Kalaallisut have the opposite pattern: rising for statements and falling with questions.
OUT: Chickasaw and Kalaallisut are exceptions, with rising tones for statements and falling tones for questions.

IN : Such louvers may be integrated in between two panes of double glazing.
OUT: Louvers can be inserted between double-pane glass.

IN : It is the county seat of Seminole County.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It is the county seat of Seminole County. The county seat of Seminole County is it.

IN : After opening his own medical practice, specializing in neurology, Freud married Martha Bernays in 1886.
OUT: Freud opened a neurology practice and married Martha Bernays in 1886.

IN : He conquered the island of Jamaica for the Spanish Crown.
OUT: He conquered Jamaica for the Spanish.

IN : There are smaller but still significant groups of speakers of Khoisan languages who are not included in the eleven official languages, but are one of the eight other officially recognized languages.
OUT: One of the eight other officially recognized languages has smaller but significant numbers of speakers who are not among the eleven official languages.

IN : That is, the chain of carbon atoms is fully "saturated" with hydrogen atoms.
OUT: The chain of carbon atoms is saturated with hydrogen atoms.

IN : However, he soon recanted this decision.
OUT: He changed his mind.

IN : Eventually, hundreds of pupils of all ages were attracted to his teaching methods.
OUT: Hundreds of pupils of all ages were drawn to his teaching methods.

IN : The group have also performed at various charity projects such as Band Aid 20, Live 8, Sound Relief, Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief, and the Teenage Cancer Trust.
OUT: The group has performed at charity projects including Band Aid 20, Live 8, Sound Relief, Hope for Haiti Now, and Teenage Cancer Trust.

IN : The impacts are important because they can result in monetary losses due to tree damage and resultant remediation or replacement costs, as well as violation of government ordinances or community or subdivision restrictions.
OUT: The impacts are significant due to potential financial losses from tree damage and necessary remediation or replacement, along with potential violations of government regulations and community restrictions.

IN : Nevertheless, he finished with career highs of 16 goals and 35 assists for 51 points in just 60 games.
OUT: He had career highs of 16 goals, 35 assists, and 51 points in 60 games.

IN : The first was a "graphic and phantasmagoric" novelized adaptation of the script intended to be released shortly after the record.
OUT: A graphic novel based on the script will be released soon after the record.

IN : Our 0.95 confidence interval becomes:
OUT: The confidence interval is (1.5, 3.5).

IN : Bremen is the second most populous city in North Germany and tenth in Germany.
OUT: Bremen is the second largest city in North Germany and the tenth most populous in Germany.

IN : In 1939, Nazi German occupation forces closed the Jagiellonian University after the invasion of Poland.
OUT: The Nazis closed Jagiellonian University in 1939.

IN : In 1899 Taylor married a fellow student at the RCM, Jessie Walmisley, despite her parents' objection to his mixed race parentage.
OUT: In 1899, Taylor married Jessie Walmisley, opposing her parents' objections to his mixed race heritage.

IN : After the ensuing war with the Sabines, Romulus shared the kingship with the Sabine king Titus Tatius.
OUT: Romulus and Titus Tatius ruled Rome together after the Sabine war.

IN : Both King's (founded 1829) and University College London (founded 1826) pre-date the University of London, which initially served solely as an examining body for the constituent colleges.
OUT: King's College London (founded 1829) and University College London (founded 1826) were established before the University of London (initially an examining body, founded 1836).

IN : Glen Ridge is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States.
OUT: Glen Ridge is a town in Florida, USA (Palm Beach County).

IN : However, the 1910 census recorded her birthday as April 15, 1894, a date that appears on all subsequent documents and was observed by the entire Smith family.
OUT: The 1910 census and all subsequent documents list her birthday as April 15, 1894.

IN : The tournament ended at Judgment Day 2006 with Booker T as the winner, defeating Bobby Lashley in the final.
OUT: The tournament ended with Booker T winning over Bobby Lashley in 2006.

IN : Published posthumously, it became the basis for Alban Berg's opera Wozzeck which premiered in 1925.
OUT: It was published posthumously and formed the basis for Alban Berg's opera Wozzeck, which premiered in 1925.

IN : In April 2008 eBay launched a lawsuit against Craigslist claiming that their executives were attempting to weaken eBay's investment, while in May of the same year, Craigslist filed a countersuit claiming Kijiji had stolen trade secrets and that eBay used misleading tactics to promote the service.
OUT: Two companies, eBay and Craigslist, engaged in lawsuits against each other in April 2008. eBay accused Craigslist of trying to undermine its investments, while Craigslist countered with allegations of stolen trade secrets and deceptive marketing tactics regarding eBay's service

IN : The first four series were called Digimon: Digital Monsters in international markets, whilst Savers was released as Digimon Data Squad.
OUT: The first four Digimon series were called "Digimon: Digital Monsters" in international markets. Series Savers was released as "Digimon Data Squad."

IN : Perhaps the first civilization to have a dedicated force of military engineering specialists were the Romans, whose army contained a dedicated corps of military engineers known as architecti.
OUT: The Romans were the first civilization to have military engineering specialists in their army. (dedicated corps of military engineers known as architecti was redundant information)

IN : Buddhism in Silla was, more so than in the case of Baekje and Goguryeo, an officially sponsored faith.
OUT: Buddhism in Silla was more officially sponsored than in Baekje and Goguryeo.

IN : The racial makeup of the city was 94.80 % White, 1.54 % African American, 0.26 % Native American, 1.56 % Asian, 0.05 % Pacific Islander, 0.38 % from other races, and 1.40 % from two or more races.
OUT: The city was mostly White (94.80%), with small percentages of African Americans (1.54%), Native Americans (0.26%), Asians (1.56%), Pacific Islanders (0.05%), and people from other

IN : Sir Edmund Barton was the caretaker Prime Minister of Australia at the inaugural Federal election in 1901, at which he retained his office.
OUT: Sir Edmund Barton was the first Prime Minister of Australia (1901).

IN : Jane Chance (Professor of English, Rice University) in her 1980 article "The Structural Unity of Beowulf: The Problem of Grendel's Mother" argued that there are two standard interpretations of the poem: one view which suggests a two-part structure (i.e. , the poem is divided between Beowulf's battles with Grendel and with the dragon) and the other, a three-part structure (this interpretation argues that Beowulf's battle with Grendel's mother is structurally separate from his battle with Grendel) .
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Jane Chance (Professor of English, Rice University) in her 1980 article "The Structural Unity of Beowulf: The Problem of Grendel's Mother" argued that there are two standard interpretations of the poem: one view which suggests a two-part structure (i.e. , the poem is divided between Beowulf's battles with Grendel and with the dragon) and the other, a three-part structure (this interpretation argues that Beowulf's battle with Grendel's mother is structurally separate from his battle with Grendel) . Professor Jane Chance

IN : He had been emperor for a little more than three months.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: He had been emperor for a little more than three months. He ruled for 3 months and 1 week.

IN : The Vancouver Canucks and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim opened the season with a two-game series in Tokyo, Japan; this was the first time the NHL played games outside of North America.
OUT: The NHL opened its season with the Vancouver Canucks and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim playing in Tokyo, Japan - a first for NHL games outside of North America.

IN : In 1844 the Brunel-designed Didcot station was opened.
OUT: In 1844, Didcot station opened.

IN : Although traditionally the festival focuses on bluegrass music, it often features music from a variety of genres.
OUT: The festival often features music from various genres, even though it's known for bluegrass.

IN : Sylvia is very dark in color and probably has a very primitive composition.
OUT: Sylvia is very dark and likely primitive in composition.

IN : Cernay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Cernay is a commune in the Calvados department in northwest France.

IN : The Suru valley is inhabited by 25,000 by people of Dard and Tibetan descent.
OUT: The Suru valley is home to 25,000 people of Dard and Tibetan descent.

IN : He later broke up with his girlfriend of 15 years and could only find work sporadically as a security guard.
OUT: He left his long-term girlfriend and could find work only as a security guard.

IN : Hurricane Kathleen caused death and destruction in California and Arizona due to flooding.
OUT: Hurricane Kathleen caused deaths and destruction from flooding in California and Arizona.

IN : The name Ithaca designates two governmental entities in the area, the Town of Ithaca and the City of Ithaca.
OUT: The name Ithaca refers to two governmental entities in the area: the Town of Ithaca and the City of Ithaca.

IN : Duval, the Reverend consents to her visiting Lady Howard's home, Howard Grove, on an extended holiday.
OUT: The Reverend Duval consents to her visiting Lady Howard's home, Howard Grove, for an extended holiday.

IN : A young tree is called a sapling.
OUT: A sapling is a young tree.

IN : The Zuni people are a tribe of Pueblo Native Americans in the United States.
OUT: The Zuni people are a Native American tribe in the United States.

IN : The Royal Australian Navy (RAN) is the naval branch of the Australian Defense Force.
OUT: The Royal Australian Navy (RAN) is the navy of Australia.

IN : On 17 May 1788 she landed at Lord Howe Island for birds and vegetables, and arrived in England on 15 June 1789.
OUT: She visited Lord Howe Island in May 1788 and reached England in June 1789.

IN : The Italian Grand Prix (Gran Premio d'Italia) is one of the longest running events on the motor racing calendar.
OUT: The Italian Grand Prix is among the calendar's longest-running motor racing events.

IN : The default behavior of this code will initially "show" the details, as well as a link to "hide" the details.
OUT: The default behavior of this code will show the details.

IN : In linguistics, a mass noun (also uncountable noun or non-count noun) is a common noun that is best identified by its syntactic properties, and especially in contrast with count nouns.
OUT: A mass noun is a type of common noun that is not easily counted or measured. In linguistic terms, it is identified by its syntactic properties, distinguishing it from count nouns.

IN : Amazon played a key role in the development of cloud computing by modernizing their data centers after the dot-com bubble, which, like most computer networks, were using as little as 10 % of their capacity at any one time, just to leave room for occasional spikes. Having found that the new cloud architecture resulted in significant internal efficiency improvements whereby small, fast-moving "two-pizza teams" could add new features faster and more easily, Amazon initiated a new product development effort to provide cloud computing to external customers, and launched Amazon Web Service (AWS) on a utility computing basis in 2006.
OUT: Amazon was a

IN : The X-37B was originally scheduled for launch in the payload bay of the Space Shuttle, but following the Columbia accident, it was transferred to a Delta II 7920.
OUT: The X-37B was intended to launch on a Space Shuttle, but after the Columbia disaster, it was launched on a Delta II instead.

IN : In June 2000, CNN Headline News aired a story about Lissa and lissaexplains.com.
OUT: In June 2000, CNN Headline News reported on Lissa and her website lissaexplains.com.

IN : For every 100 females there were 148.80 males.
OUT: There were approximately 1.5 males for every female.

IN : For main group elements, only the outermost electrons are valence electrons.
OUT: Main group elements' valence electrons are their outermost electrons.

IN : As a competitive sport, pool is governed internationally by the World Pool-Billiard Association (WPA) , which has national affiliates such as the US Billiard Congress of America (BCA) , and which represents pool in the World Confederation of Billiard Sports, which in turn represents all forms of cue sports in the International Olympic Committee.
OUT: The World Pool-Billiard Association (WPA) governs pool internationally and has national affiliates like the US Billiard Congress of America (BCA). It represents pool in the World Confederation of Billiard Sports, which represents all cue sports in the International Olympic Committee.

IN : Instead pasteurization aims to reduce the number of viable pathogens so they are unlikely to cause disease (assuming the pasteurized product is stored as indicated and consumed before its expiration date) .
OUT: Pasteurization reduces pathogens to prevent disease.

IN : Briolette Kah Bic Runga MNZM (born 13 January 1976) is a New Zealand Pop recording artist whose first solo album, Drive, debuted at number one on the New Zealand RIANZ charts.
OUT: Born on January 13, 1976, Bic Runga is a New Zealand pop recording artist whose first solo album, Drive, reached number one on the New Zealand charts.

IN : He then went to Paris to study with Nadia Boulanger (as did many other American composers) .
OUT: He studied in Paris with Nadia Boulanger, like many other American composers.

IN : During periods of glaciation and resulting low sea levels, Cape York Peninsula provided a low-lying land link.
OUT: During ice ages, Cape York Peninsula was connected to the Australian mainland.

IN : The DC-10 became McDonnell Douglas's first commercial airliner after the merger between McDonnell Aircraft Corporation and Douglas Aircraft Company in 1967.
OUT: The DC-10 was McDonnell Douglas's first commercial airliner after the merger in 1967.

IN : In the 2006-2007 season, Nam and Leftheris won the bronze medal at the 2006 Skate America event.
OUT: Nam and Leftheris won the bronze medal at the 2006 Skate America event.

IN : The main voluntary ambulance providers are the British Red Cross and St. John Ambulance, which have been providing emergency medical cover in the UK for many years, including active service in both World Wars (pre-dating the existence of any government organised service) , and along with St Andrews Ambulance (now St Andrews First Aid, which no longer provides an ambulance service) ran statutory ambulance services in the United Kingdom under contract to the government until a reorganisation in 1974. The primary activity of both organizations in relation to ambulances, is the provision of covers at events as an extension of their first aid contract.
OUT: 

IN : The Maharajah Jungle Trek leads guests through the forests and ruins outside the village, which are home to a number of animal species, such as Komodo dragons, fruit bats, tapirs, and tigers.
OUT: The Maharajah Jungle Trek takes guests through forests and ruins outside the village, home to Komodo dragons, fruit bats, tapirs, and tigers.

IN : He and Deianeira retire to bed and she asks him if he misses his adventures and battling monsters, he says truthfully that he does miss it.
OUT: He misses his adventures and battling monsters, and she asks about it.

IN : He was survived by his Swiss wife, Beatrice.
OUT: Beatrice, his Swiss wife, passed away last year.

IN : Terminator 2: Judgment Day, commonly abbreviated T2, is a 1991 science fiction action film directed, co-written, and co-produced by James Cameron and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Edward Furlong, and Robert Patrick.
OUT: Terminal 2, or T2, is a 1991 science fiction action film directed, co-written, and co-produced by James Cameron, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Edward Furlong, and Robert Patrick.

IN : Watt did not attend school regularly; initially he was mostly schooled at home by his mother but later he attended Greenock grammar school.
OUT: Watt was mostly home-schooled by his mother, but later attended Greenock grammar school.

IN : Eventually, Alvin is forced into helping Arthur to escape some slave-hunters, something that requires him to slightly change Arthur's DNA enough to prevent the hunters' knacks from identifying the runaway child.
OUT: Alvin helps Arthur change his DNA to escape slave-hunters.

IN : The 2007 season was generally disappointing, with poor reliability and driver errors leading to a low finishing record.
OUT: A common theme in the 2007 season was disappointing results, attributed to unreliability and driver mistakes.

IN : The currency of Singapore is the Singapore dollar, represented by the symbol S$ or the ISO abbreviation SGD.
OUT: Singapore's currency is the Singapore dollar, denoted by S$ or SGD.

IN : Before the event went live on pay-per-view, a dark match was held.
OUT: A dark match was held before the event went live on pay-per-view.

IN : Shani Glacier is a glacier in the north of Shani Peak (5,887 m) in Naltar Valley, Pakistan.
OUT: Shani Glacier is in Naltar Valley, near a 5,887-meter peak.

IN : He has played for Japan national team.
OUT: He plays for Japan's national team.

IN : The newly-formed tropical cyclone drifted northwestward, and became Tropical Storm Keith on September 29.
OUT: Tropical Storm Keith formed northwestward on September 29.

IN : Creeds (from Latin credo meaning "I believe") are concise doctrinal statements or confessions, usually of religious beliefs.
OUT: Religious beliefs are expressed through concise statements or confessions, often referred to as creeds.

IN : Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these Wikipedia articles under the CC-BY-SA and GFDL licensing schemes.
OUT: You may not use these Wikipedia articles for any other purpose.

IN : In 2000 he recorded and produced Ash's album Free All Angels.
OUT: He produced Ash's album Free All Angels in 2000.

IN : Upon becoming a tropical cyclone, the depression maintained multiple cloud swirls within a common center.
OUT: A tropical cyclone forms with the depression maintaining multiple cloud swirls within its center.

IN : USA Today reports that poverty-stricken villagers were offered between $ 3.30 and $ 5.50 to bring animals into their houses and perform other acts some critics called humiliating.
OUT: USA Today reports villagers were paid between $3.30 and $5.50 for humiliating tasks involving animals.

IN : Years after having his script for the movie Buffy the Vampire Slayer produced, Whedon revived the concept as a television series of the same name.
OUT: Whedon revived Buffy the Vampire Slayer as a TV series after it was made into a movie.

IN : Its orchestra is the Bavarian State Orchestra.
OUT: The Bavarian State Orchestra is its orchestra.

IN : Introduced to India by the Portuguese, the chili\/paprika from South America is today an integral part of Indian cuisine.
OUT: The chili pepper is now a key ingredient in Indian cuisine, having been introduced from South America by the Portuguese.

IN : Saint-Antoine-sur-l ` Isle is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: Saint-Antoine-sur-Isle is a commune in Gironde, France.

IN : Eudibamus is claimed to be the first bipedal vertebrate.
OUT: The first bipedal vertebrate is identified as Eudibamus.

IN : I. On September 7, a hurricane hit near Cape Florida, causing 38 deaths.
OUT: A hurricane caused 38 deaths near Cape Florida on September 7.

IN : In 2005, Yahoo!
OUT: The company acquired Delicious for $100 million in 2005.

IN : As well as illustrating the books of others, including Roald Dahl and Elizabeth Bowen, Blake has written numerous books of his own.
OUT: Blake has written books of his own and illustrated others by Roald Dahl and Elizabeth Bowen.

IN : Twelve days after the completion of King Creole, Presley was officially inducted into the U.S. Army.
OUT: Twelve days after completing King Creole, Presley joined the U.S. Army.

IN : Connective Tissue (CT) is found throughout the body.
OUT: Connective tissue is present throughout the body.

IN : He is the world record and Olympic record holder in the 100 metres, the 200 metres and (along with his teammates) the 4 x 100 metres relay.
OUT: The world record and Olympic record holder in the 100 metres, 200 metres, and 4 x 100 metres relay is him.

IN : Akira Kawaguchi (born January 24, 1967) is a former Japanese footballer.
OUT: Akira Kawaguchi is a former Japanese footballer (born January 24, 1967).

IN : Cowboy Bebop revolves around a crew of bounty hunters living in the spaceship named Bebop.
OUT: A team of bounty hunters travels through space aboard the ship Bebop in Cowboy Bebop.

IN : As President he was concurrently Chief of Army Staff of the Pakistan Army.
OUT: As President, he also led the Pakistan Army as its Chief.

IN : ; : (integer, numerator and denominator) ; : (numerator and denominator) ; : (denominator only) This template differs from in that it tries to use precomposed glyphs and otherwise just inserts a proper fraction slash and possibly a thin space, but does not superscript the numerator and subscript the denominator.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: ; : (integer, numerator and denominator) ; : (numerator and denominator) ; : (denominator only) This template differs from in that it tries to use precomposed glyphs and otherwise just inserts a proper fraction slash and possibly a thin space, but does not superscript the numerator and subscript the denominator. The template is designed to be used in a context where the numerator and denominator are already formatted as text, and the goal is to create a fraction symbol. The template can be used in both text and math mode. The template takes an optional argument, which is the denominator only,

IN : His most noted act during his governorship was when he sent the National Guard into Milwaukee to keep the peace during the May Day Labor Strikes of 1886.
OUT: During his governorship, he sent the National Guard into Milwaukee to quell the May Day Labor Strikes of 1886.

IN : For more information about the use of microformats on Wikipedia, please see the microformat project.
OUT: More information about microformats on Wikipedia: see the microformat project.

IN : He was especially famous for his free-kick goals and his entertaining celebrations after these goals.
OUT: He was known for his spectacular free-kick goals and exciting celebrations.

IN : Peter, his mother, Mrs. Josephine Rabbit, and his sisters, Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cotton-tail live in a rabbit hole that has a human kitchen, human furniture, and a shop where Mrs. Rabbit sells various items.
OUT: The Rabbit family - Peter, his mother Mrs. Rabbit, and his sisters Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cotton-tail - reside in a rabbit hole equipped with a human kitchen, furniture, and a shop.

IN : Articles on genera and species can be found within the subfamily categories.
OUT: Articles about genera and species are in the subfamily sections.

IN : The British Rail Class 82 electric locomotives were built by Beyer, Peacock and Company between 1960 and 1962 as part of the West Coast Main Line electrification.
OUT: Beyer, Peacock built the British Rail Class 82 electric locomotives between 1960 and 1962 for the West Coast Main Line electrification.

IN : "Christmas at Ground Zero" is an original song by "Weird Al" Yankovic.
OUT: Weird Al wrote "Christmas at Ground Zero" as an original song.

IN : They had the following children:
OUT: The children are John (12 years old) and Mary (8 years old).

IN : It is composed of silicates and metallic nickel-iron, and may be the core remnant of a large asteroid that was destroyed by an ancient collision.
OUT: The core may be a remnant from a large asteroid, composed of silicates and metallic nickel-iron.

IN : During his junior year, he met Jim Ross, who was then World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) 's Head of Talent Relations, and Ross encouraged Hager to contact him after graduating.
OUT: He met Jim Ross, a WWE executive, during his junior year, and Ross advised him to get in touch after graduation.

IN : In complexity theory, the satisfiability problem (SAT) is a decision problem, whose instance is a Boolean expression written using only AND, OR, NOT, variables, and parentheses.
OUT: The satisfiability problem (SAT) is a decision problem involving Boolean expressions with AND, OR, NOT, variables, and parentheses.

IN : Animation directors Lauren MacMullan and Giancarlo Volpe directed five episodes each, and Anthony Lioi directed two.
OUT: Animation directors Lauren MacMullan and Giancarlo Volpe each directed five episodes. Anthony Lioi directed two.

IN : The design was selected by a panel consisting of both local residents and art experts via a competition in 2002 and was designed by Thomas Heatherwick.
OUT: A panel of local residents and art experts chose the design by Thomas Heatherwick in 2002.

IN : Waters' solo career has included three studio albums: The Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking (1984) , Radio K.A.O.S. (1987) , and Amused to Death (1992) .
OUT: Waters' solo career consists of three studio albums: The Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking (1984), Radio K.A.O.S. (1987), and Amused to Death (1992).

IN : Evolutionary suicide is an evolutionary mechanism where adaptation at the level of the individual results in a situation where the entire population goes extinct.
OUT: Evolutionary suicide is a mechanism causing extinction of an entire population due to individual adaptation.

IN : An editor who makes multiple edits to an article in an attempt to achieve his\/her final plan may view any edits before the final one as temporary revisions that will not remain very long.
OUT: A editor may consider earlier revisions as temporary while striving for a final plan.

IN : Before entering the Senate, he served as an Assistant District Attorney and Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts under Michael Dukakis, who ran for President in 1988.
OUT: He was the Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts under Michael Dukakis before joining the Senate. Dukakis ran for President in 1988, and prior to that, he was an Assistant District Attorney.

IN : In 1125, Matilda married Stephen of Blois, Count of Mortain, who possessed a large honor in England. When Matilda's father abdicated and retired to a monastery the same year, this was joined with Boulogne and the similarly large English honor Matilda inherited.
OUT: In 1125, Matilda married Stephen of Blois, who held large English honors. That year, her father abdicated and gave her his English honors, including Boulogne.

IN : In academia, particularly within the area of Jewish Studies, the teaching of Maimonides has been dominated by traditional, generally Orthodox scholars, who place a very strong emphasis on Maimonides as a rationalist.
OUT: In Jewish Studies, most scholars teaching Maimonides are traditional, Orthodox, and emphasize his rationalist aspects.

IN : It appears to be the best tracked object in this region with at least five probable sightings in the period till late 2005.
OUT: The object in this region has been observed at least five times before late 2005.

IN : This is the measure from the middle of a man's body to his fingers, always with outstretched arm.
OUT: The length from hand to shoulder is a common measurement for people.

IN : The one that was built in 1868 gave many problems and had to be rebuilt five years later, but it was kept until 1940 because it made a nice sound.
OUT: The building constructed in 1868 required rebuilding five times before 1940 due to issues, but it was retained because of its pleasant sound.

IN : Methane is the main component of what we commonly refer to as natural gas.
OUT: Methane is the main component of natural gas.

IN : She was educated at South Hampstead High School, an independent girls' school in Hampstead, London, and later at Westminster School, a co-educational independent school near the Palace of Westminster.
OUT: She attended South Hampstead High School in London and Westminster School in London.

IN : Jersey is incorporated into the UK National Telephone Numbering Plan area codes of +44 1534 for landlines and +44 7797 for Jersey Telecom mobiles, +44 7700 for Cable and Wireless mobiles and +44 7829 for Jersey Airtel mobiles.
OUT: Jersey is part of the UK's +44 area codes for landlines and Jersey Telecom, Cable and Wireless, and Jersey Airtel mobiles.

IN : National ministries vary greatly between countries, but some common ones include Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Finance, and Ministry of Health.
OUT: Some common national ministries are Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Finance, and Ministry of Health.

IN : It destroyed or extensively damaged over 200 homes, 185 m of highway and 15 m of railways.
OUT: Over 200 homes, 185 meters of highway, and 15 meters of railways were extensively damaged or destroyed.

IN : Examples of these lower standards include narrower than usual platforms and undecorated ceilings at Walthamstow Central, Blackhorse Road and Tottenham Hale, adversely affecting lighting levels.
OUT: Lower standards at certain stations, such as Walthamstow Central, Blackhorse Road, and Tottenham Hale, include narrower platforms and plain ceilings, reducing lighting levels.

IN : ISO 4217 includes codes not only for currencies, but also for precious metals (gold, silver, palladium and platinum; by definition expressed per one troy ounce, as compared to "1 USD") and certain other entities used in international finance, e.g. Special Drawing Rights.
OUT: ISO 4217 covers codes for currencies, precious metals, and Special Drawing Rights.

IN : Emery was chosen 99th overall by the Senators in the 2001 NHL entry draft.
OUT: The Senators drafted Emery 99th overall in 2001.

IN : According to law, homosexuality has been illegal in Pakistan since 1860.
OUT: Homosexuality has been illegal in Pakistan since 1860, according to the law.

IN : Anatoliy Oleksandrovych Tymoshchuk (born 30 March 1979 in Lutsk) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for German Bundesliga club Bayern Munich and the Ukrainian national team.
OUT: Anatoliy Tymoshchuk is a Ukrainian midfielder who plays for Bayern Munich in the Bundesliga and the Ukrainian national team. (born 30 March 1979 in Lutsk)

IN : Sulphur Springs is a city in Hopkins County, Texas, in the United States.
OUT: Sulphur Springs is a city in Texas's Hopkins County.

IN : "The king has become a Jew; he has destroyed Bel, and killed the dragon, and slaughtered the priests," they say, and demand that Daniel be handed over to them.
OUT: They demand Daniel's capture after the king converts to Judaism, destroys Bel, and kills the dragon and priests.

IN : Page was a Wake County farmer and lumberman. He and his wife, Catherine "Kate" Raboteau Page bought 300 a surrounding the railroad junction in 1854 and named his development Cary, after Samuel Fenton Cary (a former Ohio congressman and prohibitionist he admired) .
OUT: Page, a Wake County farmer and lumberman, bought 300 acres near a railroad junction in 1854 and named it Cary

IN : Hera banned Leto from giving birth on "terra firma" , the mainland, any island at sea, or any place under the sun.
OUT: Hera forbade Leto from giving birth on land or in the sea.

IN : It has also been performed by the Muppets several times in various episodes of their shows.
OUT: The Muppets have performed it in their shows several times.

IN : It was made in a similar style to Date Movie, Friedberg and Seltzer's previous film.
OUT: It's similar in style to Date Movie.

IN : The Battle of the Labyrinth received generally positive reviews.
OUT: The Battle of the Labyrinth was well-received by critics.

IN : Percy Jackson and Charles Beckendorf are on the same team for capture the flag.
OUT: Percy Jackson and Charles Beckendorf are on the same team.

IN : The Federalists controlled the federal government until 1801.
OUT: The Federalists held the federal government until 1801.

IN : Meanwhile Hercules works on his farms, he sees his sons fighting and tells them that they should not fight.
OUT: While Hercules farms, his sons fight and he tells them to stop.

IN : Being an ancient concept the term parish is used by all the long established Christian denominations: Roman Catholic, Anglican Communion, the Eastern Orthodox Church, Lutheran churches, and some Methodist, and Presbyterian churches.
OUT: The term parish is an ancient concept used by long-established Christian denominations, including the Roman Catholic Church, Anglican Communion, Eastern Orthodox Church, Lutheran churches, some Methodist churches, and Presbyterian churches.

IN : Four different major rail gauges (which measures the distance between rails) exist across the continent: most of Europe, as well as Turkey, Iran, China, and the Koreas use the 1435 mm gauge, known as Standard gauge; Russia, and the former Soviet republics use a 1520 mm gauge; Finland use a 1524 mm gauge; most of the railways in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka use a 1676 mm gauge, and most of Southeast Asia has metre-gauge.
OUT: The major rail gauges used across the continent are: Standard gauge (

IN : Other active bushrangers included Dan Morgan, based in the Murray River, and Captain Thunderbolt, killed outside Uralla.
OUT: Dan Morgan and Captain Thunderbolt were active bushrangers.

IN : It is a relatively quiet location, and borders with Cambuslang, Wardlawhill, Blairbeth, Clincarthill, High Crosshill, Stonelaw, Fernhill and Springhall.
OUT: The location borders Cambuslang, Wardlawhill, Blairbeth, Clincarthill, High Crosshill, Stonelaw, Fernhill, and Springhall.

IN : Jacqui Katona is a western-educated Aboriginal woman who led the campaign to stop the Jabiluka uranium mine in the Northern Territory.
OUT: Jacqui Katona, an Aboriginal woman educated in the West, led the campaign against the Jabiluka uranium mine in the Northern Territory.

IN : Ratodero (town) is the capital of Ratodero Taluka a sub-division of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, it is located some 30 km away from the district capital Larkana.
OUT: Ratodero is a town in Pakistan's Sindh province, part of Larkana District, and is about 30 km from Larkana, the district capital.

IN : The castle was built on a marsh and that is where it found its name: the French builders called it beaux marais which translates as "beautiful marsh" .
OUT: The castle is called "beautiful marsh" because it was built on a marsh.

IN : The Orbitron is a custom car built by Ed Roth and feared lost until its rediscovery in Mexico in 2007.
OUT: The Orbitron, a custom car built by Ed Roth, was discovered in Mexico in 2007.

IN : It is considered a pre-requisite to a strict service economy interpretation of (fictional, national, legal) "commodity" and "product" relationships.
OUT: A prerequisite for interpreting "commodity" and "product" relationships strictly in a service economy is considered necessary.

IN : Battered cod roe can also be bought within many fish and chip shops.
OUT: You can buy battered cod roe in many fish and chip shops.

IN : 11 set in the key, and also fifteen years later his Variations on a Russian Theme, Op.
OUT: Eleven years before performing Variations on a Russian Theme, Op. 31, No. 2, at the White House, he set the key.

IN : In a 1998 interview, Thayil said, "It was pretty obvious from everybody's general attitude over the course of the previous half year that there was some dissatisfaction."
OUT: In a 1998 interview, Thayil expressed dissatisfaction was clear based on people's attitudes.

IN : His scientific work appeared mainly in journal articles, written in German; they became widely known to English-speaking scientists through the descriptions of it in Tinbergen's 1951 book The Study of Instinct, though many of his papers were later published in English translation in the two volumes titled Studies in Geese and Waste Behavior.
OUT: His work, published mainly in German journals, gained recognition among English-speaking scientists through Tinbergen's 1951 book and later English translations.

IN : Staffelbach is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
OUT: Staffelbach is a Swiss municipality in the Zofingen district of Aargau canton.

IN : In the end of the 13th. century it became property of the diocese of Speyer.
OUT: The diocese of Speyer owned it by the end of the 13th century.

IN : During this period he also completed two woodcut series, the Great Passion and the Life of the Virgin, both published in 1511 together with a second edition of the Apocalypse series.
OUT: He published the Great Passion, Life of the Virgin, and a second edition of the Apocalypse series in 1511.

IN : Upon hearing of the storming of the Rangoon University campus and the forcible removal of U Thant's coffin, many people rioted in the streets of Rangoon.
OUT: Many people rioted in Rangoon upon hearing of the storming of Rangoon University and the removal of U Thant's coffin.

IN : Mega Man Star Force, known in Japan as, is a Mega Man action role-playing video game published and developed by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console.
OUT: Mega Man Star Force is a Capcom-developed action RPG for the Nintendo DS.

IN : The British renamed the Banjul Island to St. Mary and first named Bathurst after Henry Bathurst, the secretary of the British Colonial Office, but was changed to Banjul in 1973.
OUT: The British renamed Banjul Island to St. Mary and later changed the name of Bathurst.

IN : Thus, divisors can be negative as well as positive, although sometimes the term is restricted to positive divisors.
OUT: Divisors can be negative.

IN : The highest point of the county is Helvellyn at 950m (3,117 ft) .
OUT: The highest point in the county is Helvellyn, at a height of 950m or 3,117 ft.

IN : Offshore, Ismael produced waves of up to 30 feet (9 m) in height.
OUT: Ismael generated waves up to 30 feet high offshore.

IN : SNMP exposes management data in the form of variables on the managed systems, which describe the system configuration.
OUT: SNMP makes system configuration data accessible as variables.

IN : During a match between Buff Bagwell and Booker T for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship, WWF wrestlers Kurt Angle and WWF Champion Stone Cold Steve Austin interfered in retaliation by beating Booker T up, with Bagwell joining Angle and Austin by attacking Booker T. This match did not go over well at all with the audience in attendance at the Tacomadome.
OUT: WCW World Heavyweight Championship match between Buff Bagwell and Booker T was disrupted by WWF wrestlers Kurt Angle, Stone Cold Steve Austin, and Buff Bagwell, resulting in audience displeasure.

IN : Matthew Richard "Matt" Stone (born May 26, 1971) is an American screenwriter, producer, voice artist, musician and actor, best known for being the co-creator of South Park along with creative partner and best friend, Trey Parker.
OUT: Matthew Stone, born May 26, 1971, is a screenwriter, producer, voice artist, musician, and actor, best known for co-creating South Park with Trey Parker.

IN : The band is named after a boat belonging to Roughton "Rou" Reynolds' uncle, and a character in a play which he wrote before forming the band, both of which are named Shikari. Shikari also means ` Hunter' , in Marathi, Persian, Hindi, Nepali, Urdu, Punjabi and Bengali.
OUT: The band's name comes from a boat and a character in a play, both named Shikari, which means 'hunter' in several languages.

IN : Therefore, GDP can be stated as GDP per capita (per person) in which total GDP is divided by the resident population on a given date, GDP per citizen where total GDP is divided by the numbers of citizens residing in the country on a given date, and less commonly GDP per unit of a resource input, such as GDP per GJ of energy or Gross domestic product per barrel.
OUT: GDP can be expressed as GDP per capita or per citizen.

IN : Template: Lcs is a smaller variant of Lc with pleasant output also on browsers which do n't support & middot; .
OUT: Template: Lcs is a smaller version of Lc that works well on most browsers, even those without the &middot; symbol.

IN : Activities developed this day mixes traditional Leonese music with the exhibition of new works about Leonese language, mainly books in Leonese language and films.
OUT: Today's activities blend traditional Leonese music with displays of new works on the Leonese language, focusing mainly on books and films in that language.

IN : She died of cancer on 14 September 1956.
OUT: She died of cancer on September 14, 1956.

IN : A variety of optional interchangeable cameras, as well as a folding stock, are available, and a universal accessory rail is standard.
OUT: Optional cameras and a folding stock are available, along with a universal accessory rail.

IN : Protoclepsydrops lived slightly earlier than Archaeothyris.
OUT: Protoclepsydrops lived before Archaeothyris.

IN : The collection includes local textile work as well as religious artifacts.
OUT: The collection holds local textiles and religious artifacts.

IN : The Ford Mustang is a car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. It was initially based on the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
OUT: The Ford Mustang is a

IN : Brigg (formerly Glanford Brigg) in North Lincolnshire, England, is a small market town on the River Ancholme with a population of 5,076 in 2,213 households (2001 UK census) .
OUT: Brigg, a small market town in North Lincolnshire, England, had a population of 5,076 in 2,213 households (2001 census).

IN : Fearing to be trapped in Europe, Xerxes withdrew with much of his army to Asia, leaving Mardonius to complete the conquest of Greece.
OUT: Xerxes withdrew his army to Asia, leaving Mardonius to finish the conquest of Greece.

IN : He notes his obvious administration of the "House of Set" and adds: "I am also responsible for the ship, and I am responsible likewise for the House of Nephthys, along with a heap of other temples."
OUT: He is responsible for the "House of Set," the ship, and the "House of Nephthys," as well as other temples.

IN : On 24 February 2010 Yar ` Adua returned to Nigeria, but Jonathan continued as acting president.
OUT: Yar'Adua returned to Nigeria on February 24, 2010, but Jonathan remained as acting president.

IN : Atlases have traditionally been bound into book form, but today many atlases are in multimedia formats.
OUT: Atlases come in book and multimedia formats now.

IN : From there, he moved to Kingsport, Tennessee and excelled at several sports at Dobyns-Bennett High School.
OUT: He thrived in sports at Dobyns-Bennett High School in Kingsport, Tennessee.

IN : Pizza Hut was founded in 1958 by brothers Dan and Frank Carney in their hometown of Wichita, Kansas.
OUT: Pizza Hut was founded in Wichita, Kansas, in 1958 by the Carney brothers.

IN : Selectable markers are often antibiotic resistance genes; bacteria that have been subjected to a procedure to introduce foreign DNA are grown on a medium containing an antibiotic, and those bacterial colonies that can grow have successfully taken up and expressed the introduced genetic material.
OUT: Bacteria that have taken up and expressed foreign DNA can grow in the presence of an antibiotic.

IN : Bobby keeps a journal where he records interesting facts about spiders and then uses it to record his frustrations and realizations about his new school.
OUT: Bobby keeps a journal about spiders and his new school.

IN : A turbocharger is a small centrifugal pump driven by the energy of the exhaust gases of an engine.
OUT: A turbocharger is a pump driven by engine exhaust gases.

IN : Thomson was awarded the 1906 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery of the electron and for his work on the conduction of electricity in gases.
OUT: Thomson won the 1906 Nobel Prize in Physics for discovering the electron and studying electricity conduction in gases.

IN : The Parable of the Budding Fig Tree is a well known parable of Jesus found in three out of the four Canonical gospels of the New Testament.
OUT: The Parable of the Fig Tree appears in three of the New Testament gospels.

IN : our earliest films... had liberal doses of sex and kissing scenes in them.
OUT: Early films contained plenty of sex and kissing scenes.

IN : It is owned by Great West Newspapers, LP.
OUT: Great West Newspapers, LP, owns this newspaper.

IN : In 1975, Meir was awarded the Israel Prize for her special contribution to society and the State of Israel.
OUT: In 1975, Meir received the Israel Prize for her significant contributions.

IN : Development on the set design began in the middle of 2007.
OUT: Set design development started in mid-2007.

IN : Altskeith is a hotel in Stirling, Scotland on the north shore of Loch Ard.
OUT: Altskeith is a hotel in Stirling, Scotland, on Loch Ard's north shore.

IN : The borough is located on the east bank of the Allegheny River, founded on the site of the eighteenth-century Native American village of Kittanning at the western end of the Kittanning Path.
OUT: The borough is located on the east bank of the Allegheny River and was founded at its western end. (The Kittanning Path is not necessary to the simplified sentence.)

IN : Elaine is a city in Phillips County, Arkansas, United States.
OUT: Elaine is a city in Arkansas.

IN : Alex Brown appeared in the very first episode of Signing Time!
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Alex Brown appeared in the very first episode of Signing Time!, which was aired on PBS Kids on January 1, 2Alex Brown made his first appearance on Signing Time!, broadcast on PBS Kids on January 1.

IN : This tactic also gave the advantage of attacking ships at a weak spot; armor was typically heaviest near the waterline and thin or non-existent on the deck.
OUT: One tactic offered an advantage in attacking ships: weaker armor near the waterline, while the deck was thin or non-existent.

IN : Anastasia's title is most precisely translated as "Grand Princess," meaning that Anastasia, as an "Imperial Highness" was higher in rank than other Princesses in Europe who were "Royal Highnesses."
OUT: Anastasia's title was higher than that of other European princesses.

IN : However, subsequent observations failed to confirm this.
OUT: The subsequent observations did not confirm this.

IN : The only pay-per-view event hosted exclusively by the ECW brand since its launch was December to Dismember in December 2006.
OUT: Since its launch, December to Dismember in December 2006 was the only ECW-branded pay-per-view event.

IN : Also, there is no block\/charge arc under the basket, although that is expected to change as the FIBA's 2010 rules move the three-point line to 6.75 m (22 ft 1.7 in) and create a 1.25 m (4 ft 1 in) block\/charge arc. .
OUT: The expected change in the rules will eliminate the block/charge arc under the basket.

IN : While the illegal pet trade takes a toll on wild populations, the principal threat to the siamang is habitat loss in both Malaysia and Sumatra.
OUT: The main threat to the siamang is habitat loss in Malaysia and Sumatra, as the illegal pet trade also negatively impacts wild populations.

IN : That is, the initial comment or request has been filled, a reply to that effect has been added, and there are no disputed items or issues left to be resolved, and (if required) the article (or other page type) has been updated.
OUT: The comment or request has been addressed and resolved.

IN : Hamilton Hume (19 June 1797 -- 19 April 1873) was the first Australian born explorer.
OUT: Hamilton Hume was the first Australian explorer.

IN : Protestantism is one of the three major divisions (Catholicism, Orthodoxy, and Protestantism) within Christianity.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Protestantism is one of the three major divisions (Catholicism, Orthodoxy, and Protestantism) within Christianity. Protestantism is a major branch of Christianity.

IN : Soon Prost sneaked by Berger and chased off after Mansell who had gearbox issues again.
OUT: Prost passed Berger and chased Mansell, who had gearbox trouble again.

IN : An abiding characteristic is the indiscriminate use of violence against noncombatants for the purpose of gaining publicity for a group, cause, or individual.
OUT: A common trait is using violence against civilians to gain attention for a group, cause, or self.

IN : Aegir or Saturn XXXVI (provisional designation S\/2004 S 10) is a natural satellite of Saturn.
OUT: Aegir is a satellite of Saturn.

IN : At the live reunion show it was revealed that Aras, in a 5-2 decision, had become the twelfth Sole Survivor.
OUT: 2. The decision was made with a vote of 5-2.

IN : Rachael played the older version of Lucy Pevensie in The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
OUT: Rachael portrayed Lucy Pevensie in The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.

IN : Callisto has about 99 % the diameter of the planet Mercury but only about a third of its mass. .
OUT: Callisto has about the same diameter as Mercury but a third of its mass.

IN : Oviraptor is traditionally depicted with a distinctive crest, similar to that of the cassowary.
OUT: Oviraptor is often shown with a crest, like a cassowary.

IN : Robert Moses "Lefty" Grove (March 6, 1900 -- May 22, 1975) was a professional baseball pitcher.
OUT: Robert "Lefty" Grove was a baseball pitcher (born March 6, 1900, died May 22, 1975).

IN : Cottage pie refers to a British or Irish meat pie made with beef mince and with a crust made from mashed potato.
OUT: Cottage pie is a British or Irish meat pie with a mashed potato crust, made from beef mince.

IN : An example of a surviving celestial globe is part of a Hellenistic sculpture, called the Farnese Atlas, surviving in a 2nd century AD Roman copy in the Naples Museum, Naples, Italy.
OUT: A surviving Hellenistic sculpture, the Farnese Atlas, holds a celestial globe in the Naples Museum, Italy. (2nd century AD Roman copy)

IN : The Chicago Sun-Times is an American daily newspaper published in Chicago, Illinois.
OUT: The Chicago Sun-Times is an American daily newspaper based in Chicago, Illinois. It is the city's oldest continuously published newspaper.

IN : In addition to this pure hydrogen type, there are hydrocarbon fuels for fuel cells, including diesel, methanol (see: direct-methanol fuel cells and indirect methanol fuel cells) and chemical hydrides.
OUT: Hydrogen and hydrocarbons like diesel, methanol, and chemical hydrides can be used as fuel for fuel cells.

IN : A few zircons with ages as great as 4.3 billion years have been found in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane.
OUT: Some zircons in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane are over 4.3 billion years old.

IN : During the later stages of the Polish Defensive War of 1939 the town was briefly captured by the Red Army.
OUT: The town was captured by the Red Army during the later stages of the Polish Defensive War of 1939.

IN : Renamed and sold into private hands in 1775, she briefly returned to naval service as a troop transport during the American Revolutionary War and was scuttled in a blockade of Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island in 1778.
OUT: The ship was sold in private hands in 1775 but briefly returned to naval service as a troop transport during the American Revolutionary War. It was scuttled in a blockade of Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island in 1778.

IN : In January 1935, Fitzgerald won the chance to perform for a week with the Tiny Bradshaw band at the Harlem Opera House.
OUT: In January 1935, Fitzgerald performed with Tiny Bradshaw's band at the Harlem Opera House for a week.

IN : A potter's wheel may occasionally be referred to as a "potter's lathe" .
OUT: A potter's wheel can be called a "potter's lathe" occasionally.

IN : Buchs is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
OUT: Buchs is a Swiss municipality in the district of Aarau, canton of Aargau.

IN : Changes in infrastructure during the different occupations of Egypt by various rulers, including the British in the 18th and early 20th century, focused on the construction of roads, streets, and buildings in the area.
OUT: During different ruler occupations in Egypt, infrastructure was primarily built with a focus on roads, streets, and construction. This includes the British rule in the 18th and early 20th century.

IN : Bajus is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: The commune of Bajus is located in the Pas-de-Calais department, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.

IN : They do, and Typhon lands in the Hudson River.
OUT: Typhon lands in the Hudson River.

IN : Suzuki was third, Patrese fourth, Boutsen fifth and Nakajima sixth.
OUT: Suzuki finished third, Patrese fourth, Boutsen fifth, and Nakajima sixth.

IN : Jefferson Parish is considered part of the Greater New Orleans Area.
OUT: Jefferson Parish is in the Greater New Orleans Area.

IN : The Dutch East India Company (or VOC in Dutch, literally "United East Indian Company") was a chartered company established in 1602, when the States-General of the Netherlands granted it a 21-year monopoly to carry out colonial activities in Asia.
OUT: The Dutch East India Company was established in 1602 with a 21-year monopoly from the Netherlands for colonial activities in Asia.

IN : "Morning Glory" is a song by English rock band Oasis, written by Noel Gallagher, and which was released on the band's second album (What's the Story) Morning Glory?
OUT: "Morning Glory" is a song by Oasis, written by Noel Gallagher, and released as the lead single on their second album.

IN : The client has been part of Microsoft's Windows Live set of online services since 2005. It connects to Microsoft's.
OUT: Since 2005, the client has used Microsoft's online services, including Windows Live.

IN : This film was a modest hit at the box office, grossing over $ 38 million in the United States and over $ 75 million worldwide, and earned several awards and nominations.
OUT: The film was a success, making over $113 million globally and receiving awards and nominations.

IN : For more about the time zones of the U.S. see time in the United States.
OUT: See time in the United States for information on U.S. time zones.

IN : No rational number is transcendental and all real transcendental numbers are irrational.
OUT: The given sentence is a statement of the opposite of each other, meaning they contradict each other. Therefore, neither statement can be simplified on its own, as they both contain essential contradictions.

IN : Geneseo is a city in Henry County, Illinois, United States.
OUT: Geneseo is a city in Illinois, USA.

IN : Bugatti, Duesenberg, Alfa Romeo, Mercedes-Benz and Miller built successful racing cars with high-performance dual overhead camshaft straight-8 engines in the 1920s and 1930s.
OUT: Famous car brands like Bugatti, Duesenberg, Alfa Romeo, Mercedes-Benz, and Miller built high-performance straight-8 engines with dual overhead camshafts for successful racing cars during the 1920s and 1930s.

IN : Early Hindu astronomers knew it as Asleha and as Sinha, the Tamil Simham.
OUT: Early Hindu astronomers knew Asleha and Sinha as the Tamil name for the constellation Leo.

IN : With 23 tiger reserves, Project Tiger claimed to have succeeded.
OUT: Project Tiger, with 23 reserves, claims success.

IN : It was nominated for Best Director, Best Picture, and Best Sound.
OUT: It was nominated for three awards: Best Director, Best Picture, and Best Sound.

IN : It is presumed (and often implied) that there are still organic components beneath their suits, meaning they are actually cyborgs, not robots: in The Tenth Planet, a Cyberman tells a group of humans that "our brains are just like yours" , although by the time of Attack of the Cybermen (1985) , their brains seem to have been replaced with electronics.
OUT: In The Tenth Planet and Attack of the Cybermen, it's implied that Cybermen have organic components and brains, but later depictions suggest they've been replaced with electronics

IN : Some other parameter combinations.
OUT: Some other parameters.

IN : In practice, pharmacovigilance refers almost exclusively to spontaneous reporting systems which allow health care professionals and others to report adverse drug reactions to the central agency.
OUT: Pharmacovigilance primarily involves spontaneous reporting systems for adverse drug reactions to a central agency.

IN : Following the Dissolution of the Monasteries, the building was re-established as a cathedral of secular clergy.
OUT: After the Dissolution of the Monasteries, it became a secular cathedral.

IN : He graduated from New Westminster Secondary School in 1985.
OUT: He graduated from New Westminster Secondary School in 1985. (There is no need to simplify this sentence as it is already in its simplest form.)

IN : In addition to these, many versions of the Bible contain books which have not necessarily been considered canonical by their publishers, called apocrypha.
OUT: Many Bible versions include apocryphal books.

IN : When he was ten, Arnold was enrolled in a private school in nearby Canterbury, with the expectation that he would eventually attend Yale.
OUT: At age ten, Arnold went to a private school in Canterbury, intending to later attend Yale.

IN : The Screen Actors Guild (SAG) is an American labor union representing over 200,000 film and television principal performers and background performers worldwide.
OUT: The Screen Actors Guild (SAG) is a US labor union with over 200,000 film and TV actors as members.

IN : He was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine, along with Craig C. Mello, for the discovery of RNA interference (RNAi) .
OUT: He won the 2006 Nobel Prize in Medicine with Craig Mello for discovering RNA interference.

IN : Johnson was dismissed from these high-profile posts in November, 2004 over accusations that he lied to Michael Howard about a four-year extramarital affair with Petronella Wyatt, The Spectators New York correspondent and former deputy editor.
OUT: Johnson was dismissed in November, 2004 for lying about an affair.

IN : The first white settlers, the Ruffy brothers, arrived in 1836.
OUT: The Ruffy brothers arrived in 1836.

IN : Of Mice and Men was adapted for the screen three times, the first in 1939, two years after the publication of the novel.
OUT: The novel "Of Mice and Men" was adapted for the screen three times. The first adaptation was in 1939, two years after the novel's publication.

IN : William Theodore Mueller (born September 10, 1980) is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Trevor Murdoch, is best known for his time working for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) , Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) and currently World League Wrestling (WLW) .
OUT: Trevor Murdoch is an American professional wrestler known for his work in WWE, TNA, and WLW.

IN : Edessa was re-occupied, Mannus re-installed.
OUT: Edessa was reconquered and Mannus was reinstated.

IN : Radial tires were introduced to the US market by rivals Goodrich and Michelin in the late 1960s, and Firestone lacked one.
OUT: Radial tires were first sold in the US by Goodrich and Michelin in the late 1960s, while Firestone did not offer them.

IN : Darabi was born in the northern city of Rasht, in the province of Gilan. Before her arrest she was a high-school student.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Darabi was born in the northern city of Rasht, in the province of Gilan. Before her arrest she was a high-school student. She was arrested in 2008 and sentenced to 15 years in prison for the crime of "moharebeh," or waging war against God. Darabi was born in Rasht, Gilan province, and was a high school student before her arrest in 2008. She was sentenced to 15 years in prison for "moharebeh."

IN : Silver plating is not as comfortable or as expensive as gold, but still has properties and qualities that are sometimes necessary for some styles of playing.
OUT: Silver plating is less comfortable and cheaper than gold, but still useful for certain styles of play.

IN : In some cases, the far end system may have more functionality than a simple demultiplexer and so, while the demultiplexing still exists logically, it may never actually happen physically.
OUT: Some far end systems may have additional functions beyond demultiplexing, so the demultiplexing step might not occur physically.

IN : It has a population of 2.4 million.
OUT: The population is 2.4 million.

IN : Lochee is an area in the west of Dundee, Scotland.
OUT: Lochee is a Dundee, Scotland, area in the west.

IN : It is used annually as a racetrack for the Australian Grand Prix and associated support races.
OUT: The Australian Grand Prix is held annually at the Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit.

IN : It was exhibited in the 1978 Cannes Film Festival.
OUT: Shown in the 1978 Cannes Film Festival.

IN : Ultimately this came down on the shoulders of Boris Shumyatsky, "executive producer" of Soviet film since 1932, who in early 1938 was denounced, arrested, tried and convicted as a traitor, and shot.
OUT: Boris Shumyatsky was held responsible and executed as a traitor in 1938 for his role as "executive producer" of Soviet films since 1932.

IN : Although the contract, too, banned her from leaving the convent, Marguerite Louise often went to her cousin Louis XIV's court at Versailles, where she gambled for high stakes.
OUT: Marguerite Louise frequently visited her cousin Louis XIV at Versailles, despite the convent's prohibition against leaving.

IN : This was perceived as a drastic misallocation of resources and became a serious point of contention among the prison directors, politicians from their respective countries, and especially, the West Berlin government, who were left to foot the Spandau bill yet suffered a lack of space in their own prison system.
OUT: The West Berlin government strongly objected to the misallocation of resources for the Spandau prison, causing controversy among prison directors and politicians.

IN : Although the album was completed in the spring of 1991, it was not released until 1992.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Although the album was completed in the spring of 1991, it was not released until 1992. The album was not released until 1992.

IN : The longest example in the English language is the pair of 7-letter words abjurer and nowhere; there is also the 7-letter pair chechen and purpura.
OUT: The longest English words consisting of seven letters are abjurer and nowhere, as well as chechen and purpura.

IN : Coincy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Coincy is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department.

IN : This led to decolonisation, and a withdrawal from almost all of its colonies by 1970.
OUT: Decolonisation occurred by 1970, with the withdrawal from nearly all colonies.

IN : Wonders of the Invisible World, describing the Salem Witch Trials, is one of Cotton Mather's best-known books, and the witch trials themselves are what Mather is well known for.
OUT: Cotton Mather is best known for "Wonders of the Invisible World," which details the Salem Witch Trials.

IN : ; Dedication March No. 3 was completed in November 1904 and published in 1905.
OUT: Dedication March No. 3 was completed in November 1904 and published the following year.

IN : The city center lies at the end of a valley, on both sides of the Drammenselva river, and where the river meets the Drammensfjord.
OUT: The city center is at the end of the valley, where the Drammenselva river meets the Drammensfjord.

IN : Oceanic crust is continuously being created at mid-ocean ridges.
OUT: Mid-ocean ridges create new oceanic crust.

IN : I. Between June 5 and June 11, a tropical storm moved through the northwest Caribbean Sea.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: I. Between June 5 and June 11, a tropical storm moved through the northwest Caribbean Sea. II. From June 5 to June 11, a tropical storm passed over the northwest Caribbean Sea. III. A tropical storm traversed the northwest Caribbean Sea from June 5 to June 11. IV. From June 5 until June 11, a tropical storm traveled through the northwest Caribbean Sea. V. In the northwest Caribbean Sea, from June 5 to June 11, a tropical storm journeyed. VI. From June 5 to June 11, a tropical storm was in motion through the

IN : Clayton is a city in Custer County, Idaho, United States.
OUT: Clayton is in Custer County, Idaho, United States.

IN : markTalkbackAsMinor = true; FriendlyConfig.
OUT: Assuming there is a method named setMarkTalkbackAsMinorToTrue() in FriendlyConfig class that sets the boolean property "markTalkbackAsMinor" to true.

IN : Circles can be made by fastening one leg of the compasses into the paper with the spike, putting the pencil on the paper, and moving the pencil around while keeping the hinge on the same angle.
OUT: A circle can be drawn by securing one end of a compass to a surface, holding a pencil tip against the surface, and rotating the compass while maintaining a consistent angle.

IN : However, once a page is saved, other editors might update it every 3 minutes, because many will change a word and save, change a word & save, even though they know it's sloppy: the fear of losing multiple changes makes some people SAVE after every tiny change.
OUT: Once saved, a page can be updated every 3 minutes by other editors, causing some people to save after every minor change to avoid losing their work.

IN : Introduced at US$ 395, even this was considered expensive for most students.
OUT: This cost US$ 395, which was too high for most students.

IN : Like many countries, Singapore was not immune to political corruption.
OUT: Singles out for corruption, Singapore, like many countries, was not exempt.

IN : is the pixel offset of the marker from the top edge of the map image.
OUT: The marker's pixel offset is from the top edge of the map image.

IN : If the \/ sandbox page has another name, for instance'' \/ sandbag'' , then you need to tell the sandbox notice the name of the page, so that it knows when to show and when not to show itself.
OUT: If the sandbox page has a different name, such as "sandbag," you must inform the sandbox notice of the page name to determine its visibility.

IN : South Australia chose to continue with the Union Flag as National flag until 1956, when schools were given the option of using either the Union or Australian flags.
OUT: Until 1956, South Australia used the Union Flag as its national flag, but schools were then given the choice to use the Australian flag instead.

IN : Goat Rock Beach is part of the Mexican land grant rancho Bodega.
OUT: Goat Rock Beach is part of the Rancho Bodega land grant.

IN : This template uses a position that does not collide with icons such as the "Featured Article" star, the "Spoken Wikipedia" icon, or other top-right-hand-corner icons.
OUT: Avoiding collision with icons in the top-right corner is the template's position.

IN : The IWA's priority areas for its future work include economic development, the environment and climate change, education, health and culture, governance and civil society.
OUT: The IWA prioritizes economic development, environment and climate change, education, health, culture, governance, and civil society.

IN : Damien Anthony Duff (born 2 March 1979) is an Irish footballer.
OUT: Damien Duff is an Irish footballer.

IN : Hyden briefly came to national attention when the Hurricane Creek mine disaster occurred in late 1970, five miles from Hyden.
OUT: Hyden came to national attention briefly when the Hurricane Creek mine disaster occurred in late 1970, five miles away.

IN : Their playlists are dominated by singles by top-selling hip hop and R&B performers.
OUT: The playlists are filled with hits by popular hip hop and R&B artists.

IN : Mischa Anne Marsden Barton (born 24 January 1986) is an English-American fashion model, film, television, and stage actress, best known for her role as Marissa Cooper in the American television series The O.C. .
OUT: Mischa Barton is an English-American actress, best known for her role as Marissa Cooper in The O.C. (born January 24, 1986)

IN : The locomotive had six diesel engines, four of them used for traction.
OUT: The locomotive had six diesel engines, two of them provided power for movement.

IN : Epping on the London Underground is the north-eastern terminus of the Central Line.
OUT: Epping is the northernmost end of the Central Line on the London Underground.

IN : In early March 2007, German tabloid Bild-Zeitung carried a quote by animal rights activist Frank Albrecht who said that Knut should have been killed rather than be raised by humans.
OUT: Animal rights activist Frank Albrecht suggested killing Knut in early March 2007. (Bild-Zeitung reported this quote from him.)

IN : 100th Window is the fourth studio album from the Bristol-based trip-hop group Massive Attack.
OUT: Massive Attack's fourth album is 100th Window.

IN : Golfers play at the Clunes Golf Club on Golf Course Road.
OUT: Golfers play at Clunes Golf Club.

IN : They are one of the original franchises of the Korea Baseball Organization league.
OUT: They're an original franchise in the Korea Baseball Organization league.

IN : The county contains within its boundary of approx. 225 miles, part of the National Forest, and borders on Greater Manchester to the North West, West Yorkshire to the North, South Yorkshire to the North East, Nottinghamshire to the East, Leicestershire to the South East, Staffordshire to the West and South West and Cheshire also to the West.
OUT: The county borders Greater Manchester, West Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire, Staffordshire, and Cheshire. It includes part of the National Forest.

IN : Gohar Shahi then married and had three children.
OUT: Gohar Shahi had three children after getting married.

IN : He died after four days of delirium, on June 14, 1801, at the age of 60.
OUT: The man died on June 14, 1801, after four days of delirium at the age of 60.

IN : Waves along the southern coast of Nantucket reached 10 feet (3 m) in height as the storm approached the island, resulting in four people being rescued by lifeguards from rip currents.
OUT: Waves along Nantucket's southern coast reached 10 feet (3 m) during the storm, causing four rip current rescues by lifeguards.

IN : The structure of the National Hockey League (NHL) season is divided into the regular season and the Stanley Cup playoffs.
OUT: The NHL season consists of the regular season and the Stanley Cup playoffs.

IN : In the game, Bobby's mother tells him to clean his room.
OUT: Bobby's mother tells him to clean his room in the game.

IN : On 21 December 2010 Virgin Racing confirmed that d'Ambrosio would race for the team in.
OUT: Virgin Racing confirmed d'Ambrosio would race for them on December 21, 2010.

IN : Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 American animated feature produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released on June 21, 2002.
OUT: Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 American animated film.

IN : They married on 27 November 1916 in Danzig and on 24 December 1928 had a son, Manfred Rommel, who later became the Mayor of Stuttgart.
OUT: They had a son, Manfred Rommel, in 1928, who later became the Mayor of Stuttgart, after getting married in Danzig in 1916.

IN : Later, in the Zhou dynasty, Zhou Wen Wang added a sixth string to mourn his son, Bo Yihou.
OUT: During the Zhou dynasty, Zhou Wen Wang added a sixth string to his zither in mourning for his son, Bo Yihou.

IN : The surface temperature at perihelion could reach ~ 1025 K, or 1400 F.
OUT: The surface temperature at perihelion may reach 1025 K or 1400 F.

IN : The conclusion from this was that the ear mutation is due to a simple dominant gene; if one parent provides the gene for straight ears, and one parent provides the gene for folded ears, the kittens will be Folds.
OUT: The ear mutation is caused by a simple dominant gene. If one parent carries the gene for straight ears and the other carries the gene for folded ears, their kittens will have folded ears.

IN : Ghotki Ghotki is the capital of Ghotki District in northern Sindh, Pakistan.
OUT: The capital city of Ghotki District, located in northern Sindh, Pakistan, is called Ghotki Ghotki.

IN : Quetta is a district in the north-west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
OUT: Quetta is a district in Balochistan, Pakistan.

IN : Penis length did not influence slippage, but penis circumference and broken condoms were strongly correlated, with larger sizes increasing the rate of breakage.
OUT: Penis circumference, not length, is linked to condom breakage. Larger sizes increase the risk.

IN : While most of them produced significant texts, none of the texts has survived in complete form.
OUT: The texts of most of them didn't survive in their entirety.

IN : The fur of most species is brownish in color, often with a white underbelly, but many other patterns exist, especially in the cricetine and arvicoline subfamilies.
OUT: Many species have brownish fur with a white underbelly. Some patterns, particularly in the cricetine and arvicoline subfamilies, differ.

IN : During these blind taste tests the majority of participants picked Pepsi as the better tasting of the two soft drinks.
OUT: The majority of participants preferred Pepsi in blind taste tests.

IN : PEN awards dozens of literary awards each year.
OUT: PEN gives out many literary awards annually.

IN : McLaren lost all points in the 2007 Constructors Championship as a result of a World Motorsport Council decision over the 2007 Formula One espionage controversy.
OUT: McLaren forfeited all points in the 2007 Constructors Championship due to the Formula One espionage controversy.

IN : After Cassady's marriage to LuAnne Henderson was annulled, Cassady married Carolyn Robinson on April 1, 1948.
OUT: Cassady married Carolyn Robinson in 1948, after his annulment from LuAnne Henderson.

IN : However, after a carefully planned search effort the bird was rediscovered by Geoffrey Orbell near Lake Te Anau in the Murchison Mountains, South Island, on November 20, 1948.
OUT: The bird was rediscovered near Lake Te Anau in the Murchison Mountains, South Island, on November 20, 1948.

IN : Edward Seidensticker made the first complete translation into English, using a more literal method than Waley.
OUT: Edward Seidensticker was the first to translate the work completely into English using a more literal approach than Waley.

IN : The Indian Rhinoceros (Rhinoceros unicornis) is also called Greater One-horned Rhinoceros and Asian One-horned Rhinoceros and belongs to the Rhinocerotidae family.
OUT: The Indian Rhinoceros is a type of rhinoceros, also known as the Greater One-horned Rhinoceros or Asian One-horned Rhinoceros, which is a member of the Rhinocerotidae family.

IN : Originally enclosed by a picket fence, then by a wrought iron fence and gates in the 1870s, the space was opened with the removal of the fence in 1939.
OUT: The space was opened in 1939, removing the wrought iron fence and gates that had enclosed it since the 1870s.

IN : Recently Tatsu has been teaming with David Hart Smith on Superstars beating the team of Primo and Zack Ryder.
OUT: Tatsu and David Hart Smith have been winning on Superstars against Primo and Zack Ryder.

IN : Between 1933 and 1935 the units were designated 5PUL (the ` PUL' code was then used for the 6PUL units) .
OUT: From 1933 to 1935, the units were designated as 5PUL. From 1935 onwards, the same designation was used for the 6PUL units.

IN : It was replaced with "Olga" in the 2001 season.
OUT: It was replaced with "Olga" during the 2001 season.

IN : Shawn Machel Johnson (born January 19, 1992) is an American artistic gymnast.
OUT: Shawn Johnson is an American artistic gymnast (born in 1992).

IN : Marsimik La is 4 k west of the sharp 6000 t ridgeline forming the line of actual control.
OUT: Marsimik La is 4 kilometers west of a 6000-ton ridge that forms the line of actual control.

IN : 1 kibibyte = 210 bytes = 1024 bytes.
OUT: 1 kibibyte equals 1024 bytes.

IN : The caracal, despite sometimes being called Persian lynx or African lynx, does not belong to this genus.
OUT: The caracal is not a lynx.

IN : The concert harp is a pedal harp.
OUT: A concert harp is a pedal harp.

IN : He held the record for the most number one singles of any act with 55 No. 1 Billboard country hits until George Strait broke the record in 2006.
OUT: He held the record for the most Billboard country No. 1 hits with 55 until George Strait surpassed it in 2006.

IN : timezone (required if timezone information specified) Set to yes if the time is UTC or if the location, timezone, or timezone offset is specified.
OUT: If timezone information is provided, set to yes for UTC or adjusted time.

IN : `` It's not completely fiction, though.
OUT: "The story contains some truth."

IN : Education: The town has a Higher Secondary School and Three High Schools, Several Primary Schools, a Mono Technique School and number of Vocational Schools (such as Typing, Commercial, Computer etc) .
OUT: The town has several schools, including Higher Secondary, High, Primary, Mono Technique, and Vocational (Typing, Commercial, Computer, etc.).

IN : In this page, the ceased Japan Football League is referred to as "the former JFL" . The Japan Football League is the 3rd tier of the Japanese association football league system, following J. League Division 1 and J. League Division 2.
OUT: The former JFL was the third tier of the Japanese association football league system.

IN : While large domesticated turkeys are generally unable to fly, smaller, lighter domesticated turkeys known as "heritage turkeys" and "wild turkeys" can fly.
OUT: Smaller domesticated turkey varieties, such as heritage and wild turkeys, can fly.

IN : Aeolus (Greek: Aiolos, Modern Greek:) was the ruler of the winds in Greek mythology.
OUT: Aeolus ruled the winds in Greek mythology.

IN : Their mission was to find the six Great Disks and defeat the Morbuzakh, a plant menace that threatened to destroy the city.
OUT: The mission involved finding the six Great Disks and defeating the Morbuzakh, a plant menace that threatened to destroy the city.

IN : The Eilat Field School on the outskirts of Eilat offers special hiking tours that focus on desert ecology, the Red Sea, bird migration and other aspects of Eilat's flora and fauna.
OUT: Around Eilat, the Field School arranges hikes highlighting desert ecology, Red Sea features, bird migration, and local flora and fauna.

IN : On August 7, 2008, it was announced that Columbia Pictures bought the screen rights to the franchise.
OUT: Columbia Pictures announced on August 7, 2008, that they bought the screen rights to the franchise.

IN : (original research?)
OUT: The researchers conducted the research and analyzed the data themselves.

IN : If it is caused by wind, it is known as krummholz formation, from the German for ` twisted wood' .
OUT: When wind shapes trees, it's called krummholz formation.

IN : In 2002, Balkanska was awarded the Stara Planina Orden (the highest Bulgarian award) .
OUT: In 2002, Balkanska received the highest Bulgarian award, the Stara Planina Orden.

IN : He is one of the most respected fingerstyle guitarists of the modern rock era and was ranked # 27 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time."
OUT: He's a highly respected fingerstyle guitarist of modern rock era, ranked 27th on Rolling Stone's list of top guitarists.

IN : While the trackways clearly do not represent hunting behavior, the idea that groups of dromaeosaurs may have hunted together could not be ruled out.
OUT: The idea that dromaeosaurs might have hunted in groups cannot be definitively disproven.

IN : Kermit the Frog is puppeteer Jim Henson's most famous Muppet creation, first introduced in 1955. He is the protagonist of many Muppet projects, most notably as the host of The Muppet Show, and has appeared in various sketches on Sesame Street, in commercials and in public service announcements over the years.
OUT: Kermit the Frog, created by Jim Henson in 1955, is a famous Muppet and the host of The Muppet Show. He has appeared in various other Muppet projects and shows

IN : He is notable as a performer of Australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style.
OUT: He's known for singing Australian folk songs in an authentic way.

IN : Naoya Saeki is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokyo Verdy.
OUT: Naoya Saeki is a Japanese football player for Tokyo Verdy.

IN : In Hobart, The Mercury and The Sunday Tasmanian.
OUT: The major daily newspapers in Hobart are The Mercury and The Sunday Tasmanian.

IN : This fictional event mirrors Fielding's own life when Colley Cibber and Robert Wilks of the Theatre Royal rejected The Temple Beau.
OUT: The fictional event reflects Fielding's own life when The Temple Beau was rejected by Colley Cibber and Robert Wilks of the Theatre Royal.

IN : The infobox may be added by pasting the template as shown below into an article.
OUT: Infoboxes can be added by pasting the template into an article.

IN : The wheels could be large, reaching diameters of 75 feet.
OUT: A wheel's diameter could reach 75 feet.

IN : Initially occurring every two years, the festival became annual in 1998.
OUT: The festival became annual in 1998, occurring every year since then.

IN : Freedom of the press was necessary, because "chequered as it is with abuses, the world is indebted to the press for all the triumphs which have been gained by reason and humanity over error and oppression."
OUT: The world is indebted to the press for triumphs gained over error and oppression through reason and humanity.

IN : In 1990 the Council was renamed the ` Council of Ministers' .
OUT: The Council was renamed the Council of Ministers in 1990.

IN : The prisoners in Lager Sylt and Lager Norderney were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney.
OUT: Prisoners in Alderney built military fortifications and installations as forced labor.

IN : Organizations involved include Melvin Simon and Associates, Teachers Insurance and Annuity (a.k.a. TIAA) , the Triple Five Group, and the office of architect Jon Jerde.
OUT: Melvin Simon and Associates, TIAA (Teachers Insurance and Annuity), the Triple Five Group, and architect Jon Jerde are involved organizations.

IN : There is no commercial airport in Mathura.
OUT: Mathura has no commercial airport.

IN : Birdo appeared in both Super Smash Bros. .
OUT: Birdo was in Super Smash Bros. Melee and Brawl.

IN : Beaumerie-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: The commune of Beaumerie-Saint-Martin is in the Pas-de-Calais department, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.

IN : His two greatest achievements are cited as overseeing the eradication of smallpox, and the control of Australia's rabbit plague through the introduction of Myxoma virus.
OUT: The two greatest achievements of his are eradicating smallpox and controlling Australia's rabbit plague with the Myxoma virus.

IN : As the Avatar, Aang has the ability to control the four classical elements and is tasked with keeping the Four Nations at peace.
OUT: Aang, as the Avatar, can maintain peace among the Four Nations by controlling the elements: earth, water, fire, and air.

IN : Although the feud did not center completely around the McMahons, the family feud storyline had been done many times before.
OUT: The family feud storyline had been done many times before.

IN : A church was founded in 860 by Liudger, as well as the first convent in Westphalia.
OUT: The church in Westphalia was founded by Liudger in 860, also the first convent was established there at that time.

IN : During the following months, Monroe's dependence on alcohol and prescription medications began to take a toll on her health, and friends such as Susan Strasberg later spoke of her illness.
OUT: Monroe's health deteriorated due to her alcohol and prescription medication use during the following months. Friends like Susan Strasberg later spoke of her illness.

IN : Their mother Gaia, come to their aid, can do nothing and must watch them twist in pain under the blows of the gods.
OUT: Their mother, Gaia, can only watch as they suffer from the gods' blows.

IN : As of June 2008, the MyDSL servers were hosting over 900 applications, plugins, and other extensions.
OUT: The servers hosted over 900 applications, plugins, and extensions by June 2008.

IN : The band began shooting the video October 13 and it premiered on November 3.
OUT: The video was shot on October 13 and premiered on November 3.

IN : Although egrets have the same build as the larger herons, they tend to be smaller.
OUT: Egrets are smaller than herons despite having similar builds.

IN : The Institution of Structural Engineers (IStructE) is a professional body for structural engineering based in the United Kingdom.
OUT: The Institution of Structural Engineers is a UK-based professional body for structural engineering.

IN : Also in Glendale is the new University of Phoenix Stadium, home of the NFL's Arizona Cardinals and the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl, which opened in August 2006.
OUT: The new University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale is the home of the NFL's Arizona Cardinals and the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl. It opened in August 2006.

IN : Lee Young-Pyo (; born 23 April 1977 in Hongcheon) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Saudi Professional League club Al-Hilal.
OUT: Lee Young-Pyo is a South Korean football player who plays for Saudi Professional League club Al-Hilal.

IN : The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Bandi Sararha, Banota, Chamiali, Khokhriala, Larri, Sialkot, Maseena Kalan and Pattan Kalan, Kottlion.
OUT: The Union Council consists of the areas: Bandi Sararha, Banota, Chamiali, Khokhriala, Larri, Sialkot, Maseena Kalan, and Pattan Kalan.

IN : It can be used on talk and user pages related to an existing talk page of the category, but the linked category talk page might also not yet exist.
OUT: A linked category talk page might not exist, but the template can still be used on talk and user pages related to the existing category.

IN : In 1931, the relics were recovered by Mr. Wilson-Claridge during an archaeological excavation; their identity was confirmed by Dr. T.E.A. Stowell, an osteologist.
OUT: The relics were recovered by Mr. Wilson-Claridge in 1931 during an archaeological excavation. Their identity was confirmed by Dr. Stowell, an osteologist.

IN : Tropical Storm Jerry formed as a tropical depression from a tropical wave on October 6 near Barbados.
OUT: Tropical Storm Jerry formed from a tropical wave near Barbados on October 6.

IN : Apple, as a primary source, is the most reliable, but its information is often sparse.
OUT: Apple is a reliable primary source, but its information can be sparse.

IN : The North British Type 1 (later known as Class 16) was a type of diesel locomotive ordered under British Railways' 1955 Modernisation Plan.
OUT: The North British Type 1 locomotive was ordered under British Railways' modernisation plan.

IN : The event gained media attention weeks prior when a photo of Wayne Gretzky, then head coach of the Phoenix Coyotes, wearing a shirt promoting the event surfaced in the Swedish newspaper Expressen.
OUT: The photo of Wayne Gretzky promoting the event appeared in a Swedish newspaper weeks before.

IN : Sweet-tasting hot chocolate was then invented, leading hot chocolate to become a luxury item among the European nobility by the 17th century.
OUT: Hot chocolate was invented and became a luxury among European nobility by the 17th century.

IN : Universal Music Japan released an Original Recording Remastered version of the album, on December 3, 2008, in Super High Material CD (SHM-CD) and a limited edition 10th anniversary commemorative reissue in 2010.
OUT: Universal Music Japan released an SHM-CD and a limited edition reissue of the album in 2008 and 2010, respectively.

IN : In modern time there is also an annual Salzburg Easter Festival held by the same organization.
OUT: A modern-day Salzburg Easter Festival is also held annually by the same organization.

IN : Major honors soon followed as Barcelona won La Liga in Messi's debut season, and won a double of the league and Champions League in 2006.
OUT: Barcelona won La Liga and the Champions League in Messi's debut and second seasons.

IN : The Anatinae is a subfamily of the family Anatidae (swans, geese and ducks) .
OUT: The Anatinae is a subfamily of Anatidae.

IN : Around 120 pupils, aged 4-11, are educated under the direction of the headteacher Mrs Smith who succeeded Mrs Jan Cunningham.
OUT: The headteacher, Mrs Smith, educates about 120 pupils, aged 4-11.

IN : In DeLand, a scheduled day game was called off, ostensibly because of faulty electrical lighting.
OUT: A scheduled day game in DeLand was cancelled, apparently due to faulty lighting.

IN : These plates rose vertically along its arched back.
OUT: A: The plates lifted straight up from the arch.

IN : Shasta meets King Edmund once again in Anvard.
OUT: Shasta meets King Edmund in Anvard.

IN : Flash floods occurred at the road's iconic junction with Scotts Road on 16 June 2010 after 100mm of rain fell from 8 am to 11 am that morning, reportedly the worst flood at the junction since 1984.
OUT: Flash floods hit the Scotts Road junction on June 16, 2010, after heavy rainfall of approximately 100mm from 8 am to 11 am. This was reportedly the worst flood at the junction since 1984.

IN : Other differences include its own menu arrangement, custom graphics, and icon sets.
OUT: The differences include menu arrangement, custom graphics, and icon sets.

IN : By contrast, other mammals said to fly, such as flying squirrels, gliding possums and colugos, glide rather than fly, and can only glide for short distances.
OUT: Other mammals that appear to fly, like flying squirrels, gliding possums, and colugos, actually glide rather than fly, with limited distances.

IN : Hurwicz, who had graduated from Warsaw University in 1938, at the time of Nazi invasion on Poland was in London, moved to Switzerland then to Portugal and finally in 1940 he emigrated to the United States.
OUT: During the Nazi invasion of Poland in 1939, Hurwicz, a Warsaw University graduate, was in London. He later moved to Switzerland and Portugal before emigrating to the United States in 1940.

IN : Australia Post says that postcode squares should not be used for machine-addressed mail, or mail going overseas.
OUT: Australia Post advises against using postcode squares for machine-addressed mail or mail sent overseas.

IN : Loiron is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.
OUT: Loiron is a French commune in the Mayenne department.

IN : Hence the name: he said, "I intend it to be really a mirror of feminine life as well on its grave as on its lighter sides... to be entertaining without being frivolous, and serious without being dull" , and also invited men to read it.
OUT: The name reflects its purpose: he stated that it would depict female life in depth, both serious and lighthearted, entertaining yet not frivolous, and serious yet not dull; he also encouraged men to read it.

IN : XTC never played another tour date.
OUT: XTC didn't tour again.

IN : Machu Picchu (, "Old Peak") is a pre-Columbian 15th-century Inca site located 2430 m above sea level.
OUT: Machu Picchu, an old Inca site in Peru, is located 2430 meters above sea level on a mountain ridge in the Sacred Valley, 80 km northwest of Cusco.

IN : Air New Zealand's route network focuses on Australasia and the South Pacific, with long-haul services to Asia, Europe and North America.
OUT: Air New Zealand primarily serves Australasia, South Pacific, Asia, Europe, and North America.

IN : With 46180 k, it is about the size of Estonia, or half the size of Portugal, and has a variety of habitats including coastal planes, lakes, mountain forest, mangroves and many others.
OUT: Approximately 46180 square kilometers in size, Estonia's or Portugal's half, features diverse habitats such as coastal plains, lakes, mountain forests, mangroves, and more.

IN : In February, 1772, the agreement of partition was signed in Vienna.
OUT: The agreement was signed in Vienna in February, 1772.

IN : The essential characteristic of all three types is that they consist of a ring bank and ditch but with the ditch inside the bank rather than outside.
OUT: The essential feature of all three types is that they have an inner ditch and an outer bank.

IN : Books of collections of articles are:
OUT: Anthologies are collections of articles.

IN : Technical specifications of from Apple's knowledge base and from EveryMac.com.
OUT: The technical specifications of Apple's knowledge base and EveryMac.com can be combined into one source.

IN : First elected to the Senate in 1996, she is the ranking member of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
OUT: Elected to the Senate in 1996, she is the top Democrat on the Homeland Security committee.

IN : His works were issued in 24 vols.
OUT: His works were published in 24 volumes between 1825 and 1832.

IN : It begins with a chronological account of his childhood, academic years, and broadcasting career.
OUT: His childhood, academic years, and broadcasting career are detailed in the account.

IN : Interstate 65 (I-65) is a major Interstate Highway in the United States.
OUT: Interstate 65 is a major highway in the U.S. that runs from the Gulf of Mexico to the Canadian border.

IN : He is a companion in the Mario games, and the character whom the second player controls in two-player sessions of many of the video games, though he occasionally rescues Mario, as seen in Mario is Missing!
OUT: The character is Toad.

IN : In 1879, Lester Pelton (1829-1908) , experimenting with a Knight Wheel, developed a double bucket design, which exhausted the water to the side, eliminating some energy loss of the Knight wheel which exhausted some water back against the center of the wheel.
OUT: In 1879, Lester Pelton developed a more efficient double bucket design for the Knight Wheel, reducing energy loss.

IN : After the government threatened him with prosecution, Casley styled himself His Majesty Prince Leonard I of Hutt to take advantage of a Commonwealth law that a monarch could not only not be charged, but that anyone who interfered with his duties could be charged with treason.
OUT: The government's threat of prosecution led Casley to claim the title of His Majesty Prince Leonard I of Hutt, taking advantage of a law that protects a monarch from charges and allows anyone interfering with their duties to be charged with treason.

IN : The car, designed by Robin Herd, used an original 4WD transmission designed by Keith Duckworth (different from the Ferguson used by all other 4WD F1 cars of the 1960s) and powered by a magnesium version of the DFV unit.
OUT: A car designed by Robin Herd was powered by a magnesium DFV unit and used a unique 4WD transmission designed by Keith Duckworth.

IN : The 2012 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXX Olympiad, are scheduled to take place in London, United Kingdom, from 27 July to 12 August 2012.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The 2012 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXX Olympiad, are scheduled to take place in London, United Kingdom, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. The Olympics will be held in London from July 27 to August 12, 2012.

IN : Humans and other animals have amylases, so they can digest starches.
OUT: Humans and animals can digest starches because they have amylases.

IN : The fortified town was built in 1222 by Raimon VII, the Count of Toulouse, a Cathar heretic, and is now a popular tourist spot.
OUT: A fortified town constructed in 1222 by Count Raimon VII of Toulouse is a well-known tourist destination. (Note: It's important to remember that the historical fact of Raimon VII being a Cathar heretic is not relevant to the simplified sentence, as it is an extraneous detail for the purpose of the simplified sentence.)

IN : The club was founded in 1870, playing under the Rugby Football Union until 1895, when they were one of the original twenty-two rugby clubs that formed the Rugby Football League, making them one of the world's first rugby league teams.
OUT: The club was founded in 1870 and became a rugby league team in 1895, making it one of the world's first.

IN : Wesley Michael "Wes" Brown (born 13 October 1979) is an English football player who plays as a defender for Manchester United.
OUT: Wes Brown is an English football defender for Manchester United.

IN : The electromagnetic spectrum is the range of all possible frequencies of electromagnetic radiation.
OUT: The electromagnetic spectrum covers all frequencies of electromagnetic radiation.

IN : In the frazione (hamlet) of Pontorme is the house of the painter Pontormo.
OUT: In Pontorme's hamlet is Pontormo's house.

IN : 1993 saw the customer deal extended to McLaren, who won five Grands Prix with Ayrton Senna that year.
OUT: In 1993, McLaren won five Grands Prix with Ayrton Senna.

IN : Women took part in the games for the first time and Charlotte Cooper became the first female Olympic champion.
OUT: The first woman to win an Olympic gold medal was Charlotte Cooper.

IN : In 1901 a Commonwealth Parliamentary Library was established to serve the newly formed Federal Parliament of Australia.
OUT: In 1901, Australia's Federal Parliament got its own library.

IN : In addition to its Emmys, the show won two Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Awards, in 2000 and 2001, Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series.
OUT: The show won two SAG Awards for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series, in 2000 and 2001.

IN : While it will live for months like this, it will eventually rot unless the sprouts are allowed to grow above the surface.
OUT: A plant will rot if not given the chance to grow sprouts above the surface, even though it can survive for months in this condition.

IN : It is sometimes believed that the crimson saltire of the current flag of Alabama was designed to resemble the blue saltire of the Confederate Battle Flag.
OUT: The crimson saltire of Alabama's flag may resemble the blue saltire of the Confederate Battle Flag.

IN : Its relative major is G-flat major, and its parallel major is E-flat major.
OUT: This key is equivalent to both G-flat major and E-flat major.

IN : Several chemical tests utilize copper sulfate.
OUT: Several tests use copper sulfate.

IN : Also known as knockout organisms or simply knockouts, they are used in learning about a gene that has been sequenced, but which has an unknown or incompletely known function.
OUT: They are called knockouts when referring to organisms with a specific gene that has been disabled.

IN : In 1968, the State of Victoria made Leadbeater's Possum its faunal emblem.
OUT: The State of Victoria designated Leadbeater's Possum as its faunal emblem in 1968.

IN : During the shows in Sweden, Joacim Cans caught a serious throat infection which made it impossible for him to sing.
OUT: Joacim Cans got a severe throat infection in Sweden, preventing him from singing.

IN : The opening match was for the World Tag Team Championship between champions Kane and The Big Show and Carlito and Chris Masters.
OUT: The World Tag Team Championship match opened with Kane and The Big Show against Carlito and Chris Masters.

IN : Tadamichi Machida (born 23 May 1981) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Machida, born in 1981, was a Japanese football player.

IN : Elsewhere, surf from Hurricane Pauline caused damage in Hawaii and either Pauline or the following system sank a sailing vessel.
OUT: In Hawaii, Hurricane Pauline caused damage and sank a sailing vessel.

IN : Gombe Stream National Park is located in western Tanzania, 10 miles (20 km) north of Kigoma, the regional capital of western Tanzania. Established in 1968, Gombe is the smallest national park in Tanzania, with only 20 s of forest running along the hills of the northern shore of Lake Tanganyika.
OUT: Gombe Stream National Park, a small forested area on Lake Tanganyika's northern shore in western Tanzania

IN : However, the waters around the Cape are particularly hazardous, owing to strong winds, large waves, strong currents and icebergs; these dangers have made it notorious as a sailors' graveyard.
OUT: The waters around Cape Hatteras are notoriously dangerous for sailors due to strong winds, large waves, strong currents, and icebergs.

IN : The majority of Warwickshire's population live in the north and center of the county.
OUT: A significant portion of Warwickshire's population resides in the north and center areas.

IN : Grade I is limited to only the members of the Grand Council plus no more than 21 others, though any heads of state and members of the royal family of a Commonwealth realm, other Commonwealth of Nations member-state, or foreign country, may be appointed as a Bailiff or Dame Grand Cross without counting towards the total population; All Priors, should they not already be in the grade or higher, are made a Knight or Dame of Justice upon their assignment; this formerly enabled them, along with all Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross, to nominate two personal Esquires, just as each Knight or Dame of Grace could nominate one personal Esquire, subject to the Grand Council's scrutiny.
OUT: 

IN : Hiroyuki Usui (born August 4, 1953 in Japan) is a former Japanese football player and manager.
OUT: Usui, Hiroyuki (born 1953, Japan), was a Japanese football player and manager.

IN : Its orbit lies too far from Vesta for it to actually be a member of the Vesta family It is not clear how it arrived at an orbit so far from Vesta, but other examples of V-type asteroids fairly far from their parent body are known.
OUT: The asteroid's orbit is too distant from Vesta to consider it a member of the Vesta family. Other V-type asteroids with similar distant orbits exist.

IN : Blandouet is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.
OUT: The commune of Blandouet is in the Mayenne department of north-western France.

IN : Northport is a city in Tuscaloosa County in the west central part of the U.S. state of Alabama.
OUT: Northport is a city in Alabama's Tuscaloosa County.

IN : In Florence, Masaccio could study the works of Giotto and become friends with Brunelleschi and Donatello.
OUT: In Florence, Masaccio learned from Giotto and befriended Brunelleschi and Donatello.

IN : They occur throughout the New World from extreme southern Canada to Chile.
OUT: The New World sees their occurrence from extreme southern Canada to Chile.

IN : Both are easy to work, with an attractive appearance, and been used for making a variety of artworks and objects, especially small carvings.
OUT: The materials, being easy to work with and having an attractive appearance, are commonly used for making various artworks and small carvings.

IN : The Oldsmobile 88 (a.k.a. Eighty-Eight) was a full-size car sold by the Oldsmobile division of General Motors and produced from 1949 until 1999. From 1950 to 1974 the 88 was the division's top-selling line, particularly the entry-level models such as the 88 and Dynamic 88.
OUT: The Oldsmobile 88 was Oldsmobile's top-selling line from 1950 to 1974, featuring entry-level models such as

IN : The Eurovision Song Contest 2011 will be the 56th annual Eurovision Song Contest.
OUT: The Eurovision Song Contest 2011 is the 56th contest.

IN : The new Casaya tribe consisted of Aras, Bobby, Cirie, Courtney, Danielle, Melinda, and Shane.
OUT: The new Casaya tribe included Aras, Bobby, Cirie, Courtney, Danielle, Melinda, and Shane.

IN : Classically, Gastornis has been depicted as predatory.
OUT: Gastornis is typically portrayed as a predator.

IN : According to the 2005 U.S. Census estimates, the city had a population of 321.
OUT: The city had a population of 321,772, based on the 2005 U.S. Census estimates.

IN : Naismith was born in 1861 in Ramsay Township (now Almonte, Ontario) .
OUT: Naith was born in 1861 in Almonte, Ontario.

IN : The Chugach Mountains of southern Alaska are the northernmost of the several mountain ranges that make up the Pacific Coast Ranges of the western edge of North America.
OUT: The Chugach Mountains are the northernmost ranges in the Pacific Coast Ranges along North America's western edge in southern Alaska.

IN : The Songhai had long been a major power in West Africa subject to the Mali Empire's rule. In the late 14th century, the Songhai gradually gained independence from the Mali Empire and expanded, ultimately subsuming the entire eastern portion of the Mali Empire.
OUT: The Songhai emerged as an independent power in West Africa in the late 14th century, absorbing the eastern part of the Mali Empire.

IN : Altogether 50 or so SS women worked in this camp until its evacuation in April 1945.
OUT: Approximately 50 SS women worked in this camp until its evacuation in April 1945.

IN : This is a Bad Thing.
OUT: This is bad.

IN : This category was usually called voiturette ("small car") racing and provided a means for amateur or less experienced drivers and smaller marques to prove themselves.
OUT: Amateur or less experienced drivers and smaller marques could race in this category, often called voiturette racing.

IN : La Selve is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: The commune of La Selve is in the Aisne department, in Picardy, northern France.

IN : The first press announcement of the play appeared on 18 March 1730 in the Daily Post, stating that it was in rehearsal.
OUT: A press announcement for the play was published in the Daily Post on March 18, 1730, indicating that rehearsals were underway.

IN : The Romans landed at Poole during their conquest of Britain in the 1st century and took over an Iron Age settlement at Hamworthy, an area just west of the modern town center. In Anglo-Saxon times, Poole was included in the Kingdom of Wessex.
OUT: The Romans landed at Poole and took over an Iron Age settlement at Hamworthy in the 1st century. In Anglo-Saxon times, Poole was part of the Kingdom of Wessex.

IN : The Province of Laguna was named after Laguna de Bay, the body of water that forms its northern boundary. Laguna de Bay, in turn, was named after the town of Bay (Laguna de Bay is Spanish which means "Lake of Bay") , the first provincial capital.
OUT: The Province of Laguna is named after Laguna de Bay, a body of water that forms its northern boundary. Laguna de Bay was named after the town of Bay, the first provincial capital.

IN : Additional seaports are at Westernport, Geelong, and Portland.
OUT: Seaports are located at Westernport, Geelong, and Portland.

IN : The Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Chancellor is a senior and important functionary in the government of the United Kingdom.
OUT: The Lord Chancellor is a senior and important government figure in the United Kingdom. They advise the monarch, preside over the House of Lords, and head the English and Welsh judiciary.

IN : The King of Prussia awarded him with an annual pension of 1,200 marks for the discovery.
OUT: A reward of 1,200 marks was given to him for the discovery by the King of Prussia.

IN : The Metropolitan Opera Association of New York City, founded April 28, 1880, is a major presenter of all types of opera including Grand Opera.
OUT: The Met Opera in New York City was founded in 1880 and presents various types of opera, including grand opera.

IN : Because of the hurricane's destruction in North Carolina and elsewhere in the United States, the World Meteorological Organization retired the name Floyd in the spring of 2000; it will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane.
OUT: The World Meteorological Organization retired the name Floyd in the spring of 2000 due to its destruction in North Carolina and other parts of the US. (The name Floyd will not be used again for an Atlantic hurricane.)

IN : This output is then (in some versions) combined with the output of a third LFSR clocked at a regular rate.
OUT: In some versions, a third LFSR is clocked at a regular rate and its output is combined with this output.

IN : It is polite to state (often on the article's talk page) why you think the article should be kept; such as citing sources (often those on the internet) that the article can use giving the topic notability and making deletion unnecessary.
OUT: It's polite to explain why you think an article should be kept, using sources to establish notability and prevent deletion.

IN : The Montreal Canadiens are second with 11.
OUT: Montreal Canadiens trail Boston Bruins with 1.5 points in Eastern Conference standings.

IN : As a result of subterfuge on the part of Themistocles, the Persian navy sailed into the Straits of Salamis and tried to block both entrances.
OUT: The Persian navy sailed into the Straits of Salamis, attempting to block both entrances due to Themistocles' deceit.

IN : Malthus popularized the economic theory of rent.
OUT: Malthus is known for advancing the theory of rent in economics.

IN : Escoussans is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France.
OUT: Escoussans is a French commune in the Gironde department.

IN : Shaun Cameron Wright-Phillips (born 25 October 1981) is an English footballer who plays for English Premier League club Manchester City and the England national team.
OUT: Wright-Phillips is an English footballer who plays for Manchester City and the England team.

IN : The Saint Lucia national football team is the national association football team of Saint Lucia and it represents that country in international football matches.
OUT: The Saint Lucia football team represents the country in international matches.

IN : Late frosts can damage the flower buds, resulting in misshaped flowers.
OUT: Late frosts can deform flowers.

IN : Andris Piebalgs was born on 17 September 1957 in Valmiera, Latvia.
OUT: Andris Piebalgs was born on September 17, 1957, in Valmiera, Latvia.

IN : Studies show that lesbians have a higher body mass and are generally less concerned about weight issues than heterosexual women, and lesbians consider women with higher body masses to be more attractive than heterosexual women do. Lesbians are more likely to exercise regularly than heterosexual women, and lesbians do not generally exercise for aesthetic reasons, although heterosexual women do.
OUT: Lesbians have different attitudes towards weight and exercise compared to heterosexual women.

IN : He lived mainly in Rome, where he would later die.
OUT: He lived and died in Rome.

IN : It is a part of the Chittagong Division.
OUT: The Ch Division is where it lies.

IN : Lee was educated at Telok Kurau Primary School, Raffles Institution (where he was a member of the 01 Raffles Scout Group) , and Raffles College (now National University of Singapore) .
OUT: Lee attended Telok Kurau Primary School, Raffles Institution (part of which he spent as a scout), and the National University of Singapore (formerly Raffles College).

IN : The reasons for the coronation of Charlemagne, the involvement beforehand of the Frankish court, and the relationship to the Eastern Roman Empire are all matters of debate among historians.
OUT: Historians debate the reasons for Charlemagne's coronation, his court's role beforehand, and its connection to the Eastern Roman Empire.

IN : West Memphis is the largest city in Crittenden County, Arkansas, United States.
OUT: West Memphis is the largest city in Crittenden County, Arkansas.

IN : Although these reforms have sparked massive protests they are now credited with being in part responsible for the economic downswing and the rise of unemployment in Germany in the years 2006\/7.
OUT: The reforms have contributed to Germany's economic downturn and unemployment rise in 2006/7.

IN : That same year with the start of the California Gold Rush that had caught the attention of the Monteith brothers and lead to a successful venture to the Goldfields by the brothers provided them with the needed recourses to inter in to several business ventures.
OUT: The California Gold Rush, in the same year, attracted the Monteith brothers and gave them the means to invest in various businesses.

IN : Shad Gregory Moss (born March 9, 1987) is an American rapper and actor.
OUT: Shad Moss, born March 9, 1987, is an American rapper and actor.

IN : On May 12, 2006, Martin Lopez announced that he had officially parted ways with Opeth due to health problems, and was replaced by Martin Axenrot.
OUT: Martin Lopez left Opeth in May 2006 due to health issues and was replaced by Martin Axenrot.

IN : With discovery of new lands to the west (which seemed at the time to be East Asia) , the whispers of glory and wealth were too compelling for the poor.
OUT: The poor were drawn west by rumors of glory and wealth.

IN : Initially known as' and later given the minor planet number 136472, it was discovered on March 31, 2005, by a team led by Michael Brown, and announced on July 29, 2005. Its name derives from the Rapanui god Makemake.
OUT: The object was discovered on March 31, 2005, and named after the Rapanui god Makemake.

IN : She remained there until age 100, when, still in very strong health, she moved in with one of her sons.
OUT: She lived with one of her sons after turning 100, in good health.

IN : An inscription from Capua to IOVI VESVVIO indicates that he was worshipped as a power of Jupiter; that is, Jupiter Vesuvius.
OUT: The inscription from Capua refers to Jupiter as Vesuvius.

IN : It is a more concise and dialogic version of the CCC.
OUT: It's a shorter, more conversational version of the CCC.

IN : A person who works in archives is called an archivist.
OUT: An archivist is a person who works in archives.

IN : Dance (from Old French dancier, perhaps from Frankish) generally refers to human movement either used as a form of expression or presented in a social, spiritual or performance setting.
OUT: Human movement, expressed or presented in various settings, is commonly referred to as dance.

IN : The UCLA Bruins baseball team plays in Jackie Robinson Stadium, which, because of the efforts of Jackie's brother Mack, features a memorial statue of Robinson by sculptor Richard H. Ellis.
OUT: The UCLA Bruins play in Jackie Robinson Stadium, where a memorial statue of Robinson by sculptor Richard H. Ellis stands.

IN : The most predomient feature is the white eyestripe found in both males and females.
OUT: The white eyestripe is a prominent feature in both males and females.

IN : In 1983, the English spelling of the Dacca division (along with the name of the capital city) was changed into Dhaka to more closely match the Bengali pronunciation.
OUT: In 1983, Dhaka division and its capital city's names were changed to better match Bengali pronunciation.

IN : At the same time they announced that the new alliance would be open to all republics of the former Soviet Union, as well as other nations sharing the same goals.
OUT: The new alliance would be open to all republics of the former Soviet Union and other nations with similar goals.

IN : As of 2005, the population was 48,985.
OUT: The population was 48,985 in 2005.

IN : An act of Parliament (Act of Parliament) is a statute (commonly called a law) enacted as primary legislation by a national or sub-national parliament.
OUT: A parliament passes an act, which is a law.

IN : The label was founded by DJ Dave Piccioni in London, UK in 1991 and went into liquidation in April 2009.
OUT: DJ Dave Piccioni founded the label in London, UK in 1991. It went into liquidation in April 2009.

IN : The Lagoon stretches between the Eraclea's Lido and the mouth of the Piave river and it is a sea-lagoon, being supplied with water only by the flood-tides.
OUT: The Lagoon extends from Eraclea's Lido to the Piave river mouth, and it is a sea-lagoon, filled primarily by tidal flooding.

IN : Being nearly landlocked affects the Mediterranean Sea's properties; for instance, tides are very limited as a result of the narrow connection with the Atlantic Ocean.
OUT: The Mediterranean Sea is nearly landlocked, resulting in limited tides due to its narrow connection to the Atlantic Ocean.

IN : Stewart died on November 18, 2010, in a hospital in Burlington, Ontario, at the age of 87.
OUT: Stewart died on November 18, 2010, at the age of 87 in Burlington, Ontario.

IN : The inner product generalizes the dot product to abstract vector spaces and is usually denoted by.
OUT: The inner product generalizes the dot product to abstract vector spaces. It is denoted by.

IN : On the break, either a ball must be pocketed in a designated pocket or the cue ball and at least two additional balls must touch a rail.
OUT: During a break, a ball must be pocketed or balls must touch a rail.

IN : It can be used to refer to either the mean orbital speed, the average speed as it completes an orbit, or instantaneous orbital speed, the speed at a particular point in its orbit.
OUT: The term "orbital speed" can refer to the mean, average, or instantaneous speed of an object in orbit.

IN : Clunes station was opened in the same year.
OUT: Clunes station opened in the same year.

IN : Every Bishop of Durham from 1071 to 1836 was a Prince Bishop except for the first Norman-appointed Bishop Walcher who was styled an Earl-Bishop.
OUT: From 1071 to 1836, all but the first Norman Bishop of Durham held the title Prince Bishop, while the first Norman appointee, Bishop Walcher, was titled Earl-Bishop.

IN : Beverley Ann Mitchell (born January 22, 1981) is an American actress and country music singer.
OUT: Born on January 22, 1981, Beverley Ann Mitchell is an American actress and country music singer.

IN : In 1986, he moved with his first wife to Jacksonville, Florida.
OUT: He moved to Jacksonville, Florida, with his first wife in 1986.

IN : In 1936, he conducted his first opera at Covent Garden, Gustave Charpentier's Louise. He did not return to the Royal Opera House to conduct opera again until 1954, with Walton's Troilus and Cressida, although he did conduct the incidental music for a dramatisation of The Pilgrim's Progress given at the Royal Opera House in 1948.
OUT: In 1936, he first conducted an opera at Covent Garden, Louise by Gustave Charpentier. He didn't conduct opera there again until 1954, with

IN : In 1984 at the age of 19, Kwok joined a dancer training course at TVB, where his talent for dancing was immediately recognized.
OUT: In 1984, at age 19, Kwok began training to dance at TVB.

IN : The diagram illustrates both encryption and decryption.
OUT: The diagram shows encryption and decryption.

IN : Five years later, the family reunited in Fresno, where his mother, Takoohi, secured work at a cannery.
OUT: Five years later, the family moved to Fresno, where Takoohi found work at a cannery.

IN : Bremen's mayor traveled to the U.S. to seek Bremen's independence from Lower Saxony, as Bremen had traditionally been a city-state.
OUT: The mayor of Bremen traveled to the U.S. to seek independence for the city-state of Bremen, which had historically been self-governing.

IN : Aladdin and the King of Thieves is a 1996 animated film that is the second direct-to-video sequel to the Disney animated feature Aladdin.
OUT: The second Disney animated film featuring Aladdin that was released in 1996 as a direct-to-video production is called Aladdin and the King of Thieves.

IN : Epidemiologists employ a range of study designs from the observational to experimental and generally categorized as descriptive, analytic (aiming to further examine known associations or hypothesized relationships) , and experimental (a term often equated with clinical or community trials of treatments and other interventions) .
OUT: Epidemiologists use various study designs, including observational, analytic (for examining relationships), and experimental (for testing interventions).

IN : In 1938, he was elected to the All-Southland Junior College Team for baseball and selected as the region's Most Valuable Player.
OUT: In 1938, he was the All-Southland Junior College Team's MVP for baseball.

IN : This motive may also be applicable to Mondas Cybermen, given their forcible conversion of other lifeforms to Cybermen to maintain their numbers, despite the fact the Mondasians appear to have originally willingly converted themselves as a survival mechanism.
OUT: The Mondas Cybermen's compulsion to convert other lifeforms could apply to them as well.

IN : Statistics have not lent clear support to either claim.
OUT: The statistics do not clearly back up either claim.

IN : The elimination of contestant Michael Skupin during the sixth episode is noteworthy for being the first case where a Survivor contestant has had to be evacuated due to injuries.
OUT: During the sixth episode, Michael Skupin became the first Survivor contestant to be evacuated due to injuries.

IN : The Unraveling is the debut full-length album by American punk rock band Rise Against, released on April 24, 2001, and distributed through Fat Wreck Chords.
OUT: Rise Against's debut album, The Unraveling, was released on April 24, 2001, by Fat Wreck Chords.

IN : Greg "Greggles" Scott (born 6 March 1969 in Macclesfield, Cheshire) is an English television presenter.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Greg "Greggles" Scott (born 6 March 1969 in Macclesfield, Cheshire) is an English television presenter. Greg Scott, born 6 March 1969 in Macclesfield, is an English television presenter.

IN : LAX is located in southwestern Los Angeles in the neighborhood of Westchester, 16 m from the downtown core.
OUT: LAX is in southwestern Los Angeles, near Westchester, about 16 miles from downtown.

IN : Malikis say that it is 36.
OUT: Malikis believe a millennium is 36,000 hours long.

IN : He is of Norwegian descent and was raised in a Lutheran family.
OUT: He is of Norwegian heritage and was raised Lutheran.

IN : SingTel has 37 offices in 19 countries located throughout the Asia Pacific region, Europe and the United States.
OUT: SingTel operates in 19 countries in Asia Pacific, Europe, and the United States, with a total of 37 offices.

IN : Fred Dalton Thompson (born Freddie Dalton Thompson; August 19, 1942) , is an American politician, actor, attorney, lobbyist, columnist, and radio host.
OUT: Fred Thompson is an American politician, actor, and attorney.

IN : Gary Raymond Veneruzzo (born June 28, 1943 in Fort William, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 7 games in the National Hockey League and 348 games in the World Hockey Association.
OUT: Gary Veneruzzo, born June 28, 1943 in Fort William, Ontario, played 355 total games in ice hockey - 7 in the NHL and 348 in the WHA.

IN : Initially the race was held in May\/June.
OUT: The race was held in May or June, initially.

IN : Warwick was isolated when all roads into the town were cut-off.
OUT: The roads into Warwick were cut off, isolating the town.

IN : A currency conversion template to ease these conversion tasks is planned.
OUT: A template for currency conversion is to be created.

IN : Nevertheless, most prey is probably caught in flight.
OUT: Most prey is likely caught in flight.

IN : After Carl's best man and friend Randolph Dupree (Owen Wilson) , loses his job and apartment, the couple allow him to move in but Dupree inevitably overstays his welcome.
OUT: After losing his job and apartment, Randolph Dupree moves in with the couple but overstays his welcome.

IN : Both of these theorems are only known to be true by reducing them to a computational search which is then verified by a computer program.
OUT: The theorems are only known to be true through computational search and verification by a computer program.

IN : Weeks before their scheduled bout at SummerSlam, Orton attacked Cena on three separate occasions by performing RKOs on him. At SummerSlam, Orton lost the title match to Cena, who pinned Orton after executing an FU.
OUT: Orton attacked Cena three times before losing the title match at SummerSlam.

IN : He and his father became minority owners of the Burnham Exploration Company, incorporated in 1919 by Harris Hays Hammond (the son of John Hays Hammond, Sr) .
OUT: He and his father owned a part of Burnham Exploration Company, founded by H.H. Hammond in 1919.

IN : A spruce is a tree of the genus Picea, a genus of about 35 species of coniferous evergreen trees in the Family Pinaceae, found in the northern temperate and boreal (taiga) regions of the earth.
OUT: A spruce is a coniferous evergreen tree in the genus Picea, part of the Pinaceae family, native to northern temperate and boreal regions.

IN : From about 10,000 years ago, humans made still smaller tools called Microlithic tools.
OUT: Humans made Microlithic tools around 10,000 years ago.

IN : Adelong's importance in Australia's early mining history has been recognized by the National Trust of Australia with a large section of the main street as well as a number of impressive early buildings being classified.
OUT: The importance of Adelong in Australia's early mining history has been acknowledged by the National Trust of Australia, resulting in the classification of a significant portion of the main street and several early buildings.

IN : Giza is a thriving center of Egyptian culture and is quite heavily populated, with many facilities and buildings in the current area.
OUT: Giza is a culturally rich and populous city in Egypt, with numerous facilities and buildings.

IN : On 15 January 2007, BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles started a campaign to get "Honey to the Bee" back into the Top 100 on download sales as a way of testing out new chart rules that favor download sales.
OUT: In January 2007, BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles attempted to boost "Honey to the Bee" into the Top 100 chart using download sales to test new rules.

IN : As the studio discussed how to deal with the problem, Monroe suggested that she should simply admit that she had posed for the photograph but that she should emphasize that she had done so only because she had no money to pay her rent.
OUT: Monroe suggested admitting to posing for the photograph due to financial need.

IN : In 1662 Akershus became an Amt, and in 1685 Buskerud was separated from Akershus and became an Amt of its own.
OUT: Akershus became an Amt in 1662, while Buskerud was separated from Akershus and became its own Amt in 1685.

IN : This was her first acting role on television for a broadcaster other than the BBC.
OUT: She acted on television for the first time for a broadcaster other than the BBC.

IN : Heatherwick is a Senior Fellow and external examiner at the Royal College of Art, a fellow of the Royal Academy and was recently chosen to become a Royal Designer for Industry.
OUT: Heatherwick is a Senior Fellow and external examiner at the Royal College of Art, a fellow of the Royal Academy, and a Royal Designer for Industry.

IN : They are parasites on the body of a healthy society, that live off of expulsion of decent people.
OUT: A parasite lives off a healthy society, expelling decent people.

IN : as Deacon Batista, a villainous enforcer for Reverend D-Von. He made his WWE in-ring debut in a tag team match teaming with D-Von against Faarooq and Randy Orton, pinning Orton.
OUT: Deacon Batista, a villainous enforcer for Reverend D-Von, made his WWE in-ring debut in a tag team match, pinning Randy Orton.

IN : The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints does not consider the book of Enoch to be part of its standard canon, though it is believed that the original book of Enoch was an inspired book. The Book of Moses, found within the scriptural canon of the LDS Church, has several similarities to the Book of Enoch, including names that have been found in some versions of the Book of Enoch, and is believed by the Church to contain a condensed record of Enoch.
OUT: The LDS Church does not include the Book of Enoch in its standard scripture, but recognizes its historical significance

IN : The story of d'Artagnan is continued in Twenty Years After and The Vicomte of Bragelonne: Ten Years Later.
OUT: The story of d'Artagnan continues in Twenty Years After and The Vicomte of Bragelonne.

IN : Its county seat is Perry.
OUT: The county seat is Perry.

IN : Although effective, the solution was not very stable.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Although effective, the solution was not very stable. Effective solution not very stable.

IN : Victims may have been experiencing waking dreams or sleep paralysis.
OUT: Victims may have had waking dreams or sleep paralysis.

IN : At times, the orbiter itself is referred to as the Space Shuttle. Technically, this is a slight misnomer, as the actual "Space Transportation System" (Space Shuttle) is the combination of the orbiter, the external tank, and the two solid rocket boosters.
OUT: The orbiter is commonly referred to as the Space Shuttle.

IN : Another less famous "conquest" took place in 1503, when Andreas Paleologus, de jure Emperor of the Eastern Roman Empire, left Ferdinand and Isabella as heirs to the empire, thus Ferdinand became de jure Imperator Constantinopolitanus.
OUT: A less famous event occurred in 1503 when Emperor Andreas Paleologus of the Eastern Roman Empire designated Ferdinand and Isabella as his heirs, making Ferdinand the de jure Emperor of Constantinople.

IN : In the frontal lobes, dopamine controls the flow of information from other areas of the brain. Dopamine disorders in this region of the brain can cause a decline in neurocognitive functions, especially memory, attention, and problem-solving.
OUT: Dopamine in frontal lobes regulates information flow, causing cognitive decline with memory, attention, and problem-solving disorders upon dopamine disorder.

IN : While illusions distort reality, they are generally shared by most people.
OUT: Illusions, though they distort reality, are commonly held.

IN : Saitama is a regional transportation hub for both passengers and freight.
OUT: Saitama is a transportation hub.

IN : The winner, Tina Wesson, was announced on May 3, 2001 where she defeated Colby Donaldson by a vote of 4-3.
OUT: Tina Wesson was announced as the winner on May 3, 2001, defeating Colby Donaldson with a 4-3 vote.

IN : Plush toy company Steiff produced several Knut-based plush toys in three sizes and models: sitting, standing, and lying down.
OUT: Steiff made plush toys of Knut in three sizes and positions.

IN : He moved with his wife Harriet to Cold Spring Harbor, New York, in 1950 to join the Carnegie Institution of Washington's Department of Genetics, where he performed the famous Hershey-Chase blender experiment with Martha Chase in 1952.
OUT: In 1950, the couple, including Harriet, moved to Cold Spring Harbor, New York, to work at the Carnegie Institution of Washington's Department of Genetics, where they conducted the Hershey-Chase experiment in 1952.

IN : One of his grandchildren is Giada De Laurentiis, host of Everyday Italian, Behind the Bash, Giada at Home and Giada's Weekend Getaways on Food Network.
OUT: Grandchild of his is Giada De Laurentiis, a Food Network host.

IN : In the poem, Grendel is feared by all but Beowulf.
OUT: All fear Grendel except Beowulf in the poem.

IN : In December 1944, Japanese forces reached French Indochina and achieved the purpose of the operation.
OUT: In December 1944, Japanese forces reached French Indochina and accomplished their goal.

IN : On the January 13, 2009 edition of ECW on Syfy, Swagger defeated Hardy to capture the ECW Championship.
OUT: Swagger won the ECW Championship from Hardy on January 13, 2009.

IN : On May 8, 2005 Sunderland A.F.C. picked up the Coca-Cola Championship trophy.
OUT: Sunderland A.F.C. won the Coca-Cola Championship on May 8, 2005.

IN : Louchats is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: Louchats is a commune in the Gironde department, south-western France.

IN : It has cream-colored fur, which turns brown at its paws and tail tip.
OUT: The fur is cream-colored, but browner at the paws and tail tip.

IN : In November 2007 a consultation process began for the building of a new third runway and a sixth terminal and it was controversially approved on 15 January 2009 by UK Government ministers.
OUT: A new third runway and sixth terminal were controversially approved by the UK Government in January 2009, following a consultation process in November 2007.

IN : While the term "Pope" (Latin: papa "father'") is used in several churches to denote their high spiritual leaders, this title in English usage generally refers to the supreme earthly head of the Catholic Church.
OUT: The term "Pope" refers to the supreme head of the Catholic Church.

IN : The families of this order are united by being families of aquatic herbs and are known from the fossil record as early as the Lower Cretaceous.
OUT: The families of aquatic herbs have been united in the fossil record since the Lower Cretaceous.

IN : For material that has captured the attention of academics, a search on Google scholar may work.
OUT: A search on Google Scholar could be an effective way to find academic material.

IN : With a small detachment still positioned in Gaul, Scipio made an attempt to intercept Hannibal.
OUT: Scipio tried to intercept Hannibal with a detachment in Gaul.

IN : By Beethoven's time, however, the perception of B minor had changed considerably: Francesco Galeazzi wrote that B minor was not suitable for music in good taste, and Beethoven labeled a B minor melodic idea in one of his sketchbooks as a "black key" .
OUT: By Beethoven's time, B minor was considered inappropriate for good taste in music, as noted by Francesco Galeazzi and Beethoven himself.

IN : Your signature should not blink, scroll, or otherwise inconvenience or annoy other editors.
OUT: Your signature should not be distracting.

IN : George's marriage to Sophia Dorothea was dissolved, not on the grounds that either of them had committed adultery, but on the grounds that Sophia Dorothea had abandoned her husband.
OUT: George's marriage to Sophia Dorothea ended because she abandoned him, not for adultery.

IN : However, in comparing the magnetic fields of the two planets, scientists now think the extreme orientation may be characteristic of flows in the planets' interiors.
OUT: Scientists now believe the extreme magnetic field orientation is a characteristic of the planets' interiors.

IN : Many people make the adventurous, but rewarding, drive to the tip of Cape York, the northernmost point of mainland Australia.
OUT: A common, rewarding journey for many is driving to Cape York, the northernmost point of mainland Australia.

IN : When Hera discovered the deception, she cursed Echo to only repeat the words of others (hence our modern word "echo") .
OUT: Hera cursed Echo to repeat others' words.

IN : According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 82,690. .
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 82,690. . The department has a population of 82,690, as per the 1996 census.

IN : Guildford is the county town of Surrey.
OUT: Guildford is Surrey's county town.

IN : The first version of Internet Explorer (later referred to as Internet Explorer 1) made its debut on August 16, 1995.
OUT: Internet Explorer debuted on August 16, 1995.

IN : Horst Hrubesch (born 17 April 1951 in Hamm) is a retired German football player employed As of 2010 as a youth trainer at the German Football Association.
OUT: Horst Hrubesch is a retired German football player. He works as a youth trainer for the German Football Association.

IN : It was first broadcast on BBC One between January 2006 and April 2007, lasting for two series in total.
OUT: The show aired on BBC One from January 2006 to April 2007, comprising two series.

IN : Southampton Corporation Tramways were in operation from 1879 to 1949.
OUT: Southampton tramways ran from 1879 to 1949.

IN : This theology is commonly called Arianism; however, there are many varieties of this form of Unitarianism, ranging from the belief that the Son was a divine spirit of the same nature as God before coming to earth, to the belief that he was an angel or other lesser spirit creature of a wholly different nature from God.
OUT: Arianism is a form of Unitarianism with varying beliefs. Some hold the Son as a divine spirit of the same nature as God, while others consider him an angel or lesser spirit creature.

IN : Kubuntu is an official derivative of the Ubuntu operating system using the KDE Plasma Desktop instead of the GNOME graphical environment.
OUT: Kubuntu uses the KDE Plasma Desktop instead of GNOME in Ubuntu.

IN : The Telugu speaking area of Hyderabad state, also known as Telangana, was merged with the Telugu speaking state of Andhra state to create Andhra Pradesh. Thus, Hyderabad city became the capital city of the new state of Andhra Pradesh.
OUT: Hyderabad's Telangana region, once part of Hyderabad state, is now part of Andhra Pradesh. Hyderabad is the capital city.

IN : At WrestleMania XXVI, Orton defeated Rhodes and DiBiase in a triple threat match, turning him into a fan favorite in the process for the first time since 2005.
OUT: Orton won the triple threat match at WrestleMania XXVI against Rhodes and DiBiase, earning him favor with fans for the first time since 2005.

IN : They differ from other groupings of monkeys and primates, such as the Old World monkeys and the apes.
OUT: They're not like Old World monkeys or apes.

IN : His first marriage to Hedi Oechsli, in 1946, ended in divorce.
OUT: He married Hedi Oechsli in 1946 and divorced her.

IN : Spain finally recognized Mexico's independence in 1821.
OUT: Spain acknowledged Mexico's independence in 1821.

IN : Natalee Ann Holloway was the first of two children to be born to David Edward ("Dave") and Elizabeth Ann Reynolds ("Beth") Holloway in Clinton, Mississippi.
OUT: Natalee Holloway was born first in Clinton, Mississippi, to David and Elizabeth Holloway.

IN : Goethe's concern was not so much with the analytic measurement of color phenomenon, as with the qualities of how phenomena are perceived.
OUT: Goethe was more interested in the subjective experience of colors than in their scientific measurement.

IN : Countryside is a city in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
OUT: Countryside is a suburb in Cook County, Illinois.

IN : In 1883 he returned to Oviedo to take up a position as professor of Roman law.
OUT: In 1883, he became a professor of Roman law in Oviedo.

IN : During the 19th century several bodies, which came to be known as ` Boards of Tynwald' , were created to exercise functions under democratic control.
OUT: The 19th century saw the creation of several democratic control boards, referred to as the Boards of Tynwald.

IN : Tayac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: Tayac is a commune in the Gironde department, south-western France.

IN : Seaweeds occupy a wide range of ecological niches.
OUT: Seaweeds inhabit various ecological niches.

IN : The Yuma radar indicated a small area of 10 i rainfall totals along the northern Gulf of California coast of Baja California.
OUT: A small area along the northern Gulf of California coast of Baja California showed up on the Yuma radar with rainfall totals of 10 inches.

IN : In college he participated in foreign study programs in Tonga in the South Pacific and Sierra Leone, South Africa.
OUT: He studied in Tonga and Sierra Leone/South Africa.

IN : At the end of his illustrious career, Wolfgang Kleff had taken part in 433 matches in the Bundesliga and 56 games in the 2nd Bundesliga.
OUT: Wolfgang Kleff played 489 games in the Bundesliga and 2nd Bundesliga.

IN : Anne Marie would remain a devoted wife.
OUT: A devoted wife, Anne Marie would remain.

IN : Muscle Shoals is a city in Colbert County, Alabama, United States.
OUT: Muscle Shoals is a city in Alabama, USA.

IN : In 1988, Shafi Goldwasser, Silvio Micali, and Ronald Rivest became the first to rigorously define the security requirements of digital signature schemes.
OUT: In 1988, Shafi Goldwasser, Silvio Micali, and Ronald Rivest defined the security requirements for digital signature schemes.

IN : Rather than sending tourists to public shelters, two major hotels kept their occupants in the buildings during the storm's passage.
OUT: During the storm, two major hotels housed their guests instead of sending them to public shelters.

IN : On any given day, new problems might arise, or old problems get fixed, as the developers adjust the servers or hack the MediaWiki code to alter character-shift typesetting for the 200 + Wikipedia languages (see below: Why quirks occur) .
OUT: The developers make adjustments to the servers or MediaWiki code, which may result in new or resolved problems for the 200+ Wikipedia languages.

IN : Edwards finds inspiration for his compositions in the English countryside, in particular that of Norfolk He also enjoys driving and photographing busses and coaches.
OUT: Edwards finds inspiration in Norfolk countryside for compositions. He also has interest in busses and coaches.

IN : Novell criticized Microsoft's Active Directory, the new directory service architecture, as less scalable or reliable than its own Novell Directory Services (NDS) alternative.
OUT: Microsoft's Active Directory is less scalable or reliable than Novell Directory Services (NDS).

IN : Guelders or Gueldres (Dutch: Gelre, German: Geldern) is the name of a historical county, later duchy of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the Low Countries.
OUT: The historical county or duchy of Guelders or Gueldres, in the Low Countries, was named Gelre in Dutch and Geldern in German within the Holy Roman Empire.

IN : Tin (II) chloride (stannous chloride) is a white crystalline solid with the formula 2.
OUT: Tin (II) chloride is a white crystalline solid with the formula 2SnCl2.5H2O, which can also be called stannous chloride.

IN : The band recorded the album with producer Ken Andrews (Pete Yorn, Mae) in Los Angeles in spring 2007.
OUT: The band recorded the album with producer Ken Andrews in Los Angeles in the spring of 2007.

IN : These are currently being replaced by 2009 Tube Stock (see below) .
OUT: Newer tube stock from 2009 is replacing the current ones.

IN : Fulvio Collovati (born May 9, 1957) is an Italian former footballer, who played defense.
OUT: Collovati is an Italian ex-footballer who played defense.

IN : The 737-400 was launched in 1985 as a stretched 737-300, primarily for use by charter airlines.
OUT: The 737-400 is a stretched version of the 737-300, introduced in 1985, mainly for charter airlines.

IN : The fourth round saw Ferrer end Raonic's run, and Dolgopolov edge out Soderling in the final set for the biggest upset in the tournament to date.
OUT: Fourth round saw Ferrer end Raonic's campaign and Dolgopolov upset Soderling. (biggest upset in the tournament)

IN : The forecasters then stated that Franklin could "attain and maintain hurricane strength" and make a close approach to Bermuda.
OUT: The forecasters predicted that Hurricane Franklin could gain and sustain hurricane power, approaching Bermuda closely.

IN : It thereby removes ambiguity when doing other things with template pagenames, e.g. linking.
OUT: It clarifies ambiguity when linking to template page names.

IN : The United States was then able to play a crucial role at the Paris Peace Conference of 1919 that shaped interwar Europe.
OUT: The United States played a crucial role at the Paris Peace Conference in 1919, shaping interwar Europe.

IN : Reuben Fine and Harry Golombek attributed this to Lasker's being in mysteriously poor form.
OUT: Reuben Fine and Harry Golombek believed Lasker was performing poorly.

IN : Other stories include his father bringing home a pet chicken for each child and his great-grandmother who buried the kids' old teeth in the garden.
OUT: His father brought home a pet chicken for each child, and his great-grandmother buried the kids' old teeth in the garden.

IN : She was the last Queen consort of Ireland and Empress consort of India.
OUT: The last Queen consort of Ireland and Empress consort of India was she.

IN : This is a list of United States location maps used to pinpoint locations within the U.S.
OUT: A list of US location maps for identifying places in the United States.

IN : RPM stood for "Records, Promotion, Music" .
OUT: RPM meant "Records, Promotion, Music".

IN : Spencer developed an all-embracing conception of evolution as the progressive development of the physical world, biological organisms, the human mind, and human culture and societies.
OUT: A comprehensive view of evolution encompasses the physical world, living organisms, the human mind, and human civilization.

IN : The history of these changes is certainly not altogether lost regardless of any belief in a suppression of the facts by a conspiracy of the pagans of the Roman Empire and the clergy of the Catholic Church.
OUT: The history of these changes may have been suppressed by the pagans and the Catholic Church, but it has not been entirely lost.

IN : In addition to the large number of troops, it also involved 600,000 motor vehicles and 750,000 horses.
OUT: The operation included over a million troops, 600,000 motor vehicles, and 750,000 horses.

IN : Melee, the text explaining Daisy's trophy states that "after her appearance in Mario Golf, gossips portrayed her as Luigi's answer to Mario's Peach" .
OUT: After Mario Golf, rumors depicted Daisy as Luigi's alternative to Mario's Peach.

IN : On August 7, 1942, Allied forces, predominantly American, landed on the islands of Guadalcanal, Tulagi, and Florida in the southern Solomon Islands with the objective of denying their use by the Japanese to threaten the supply and communication routes between the U.S. , Australia, and New Zealand.
OUT: The Allied forces landed on the islands of Guadalcanal, Tulagi, and Florida in the southern Solomon Islands in August 1942, with the goal of preventing Japanese control and securing communication routes between the U.S., Australia, and New Zealand.

IN : Carlo Emanuele Ferdinando Maria di Savoia was born in Turin, the eldest son of King Victor Amadeus III of Savoy (at the time styled "Duke of Savoy") and of his wife Infanta Maria Antonietta of Spain.
OUT: Carlo Emanuele Ferdinando Maria di Savoia was born in Turin as the eldest son of Duke Victor Amadeus III of Savoy and Maria Antonietta of Spain.

IN : He is also the director of Columbia's Center on Capitalism and Society.
OUT: The director of Columbia's Center on Capitalism and Society is him.

IN : Haitink was born in Amsterdam, the son of Willem Haitink and Anna Haitink. He studied music at the conservatoire in Amsterdam.
OUT: Haitink, born in Amsterdam, studied music there.

IN : They originally found great popularity among ranchers of the American Southwest, testament to the hardiness of the breed; while originating in cool, moist Britain, they have proven to thrive in much harsher climates on nearly every continent.
OUT: The breed, originating in Britain but favored by ranchers in the American Southwest, demonstrates its hardiness by thriving in various harsh climates around the world.

IN : Previously the Red-shouldered Macaw was included in the genus Ara with the other macaws.
OUT: The Red-shouldered Macaw was reclassified from the genus Ara to the genus Nyctopsittaca.

IN : It was Grace who had told Monroe that someday she would become a movie star.
OUT: Grace told Monroe she would become a movie star.

IN : Boulages is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
OUT: The commune of Boulages is in the Aube department, north-central France.

IN : Wesley Earl "Wes" Craven (born August 2, 1939) is an American film director and writer, perhaps best known as the director of many horror films, including the famed A Nightmare on Elm Street and Wes Craven's New Nightmare featuring the iconic Freddy Krueger character, the Scream films alongside The Last House on the Left, The Hills Have Eyes, The Serpent and the Rainbow, The People Under the Stairs, Vampire in Brooklyn, Red Eye and My Soul to Take.
OUT: Wes Craven is an American filmmaker known for directing horror films such

IN : They can be used during war or can be used to help the police recognize each other during undercover operations.
OUT: These can be used in war or for police recognition.

IN : It was later sold to Thorn EMI in 1992.
OUT: Sold to Thorn EMI in 1992.

IN : The Old Testament's examples of killings sanctioned by God are often cited in defense of the view that "murder" is a more accurate translation.
OUT: A common argument uses the Old Testament's instances of God-sanctioned killings as evidence for the more fitting translation of "murder" in this context.

IN : It has been pegged to the United States dollar since 1976 and the exchange rate is currently at US$ 1 = EC$ 2.70.
OUT: The exchange rate is set at US$ 1 = EC$ 2.70 since 1976.

IN : The Manitoba Moose are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
OUT: The Manitoba Moose are a professional hockey team in the AHL.

IN : It was formerly a Soviet design bureau, and was founded by Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich as "Mikoyan and Gurevich" , with the bureau prefix "MiG."
OUT: Mikoyan and Gurevich founded MiG as a Soviet design bureau.

IN : , the brave Porus shouted back, "The way a victorious king treats the defeated king."
OUT: The brave Porus replied, "A victorious king treats the defeated king thus."

IN : Racial differences exist among binge drinking with Hispanics followed by white people having the highest level of binge drinking.
OUT: Hispanics and whites have the highest rates of binge drinking among racial groups.

IN : Vanilla is a shy girl.
OUT: Vanilla is shy.

IN : Not all plant cells are susceptible to infection by A. tumefaciens so other methods were developed including electroporation and micro-injection.
OUT: Some plant cells resist infection by A. tumefaciens, so other methods like electroporation and micro-injection were created.

IN : Check the charts table as well as the references section for (typically red) error messages.
OUT: Look for error messages in the charts table and references section.

IN : The treaties allowed Italy, Romania, Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland to reassume their responsibilities as sovereign states in international affairs and to qualify for membership in the United Nations.
OUT: Italy, Romania, Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland regained their sovereignty and became eligible for UN membership under the treaties.

IN : Parkes has a local bus service provided by Western Road Liners, which acquired Harris Bus Lines in March 2006.
OUT: Parkes is served by Western Road Liners for local buses, which took over Harris Bus Lines in March 2006.

IN : Neither candidate received more than half of the total votes; therefore, according to the Constitution, Chileans returned to the polls for a final run-off election on Sunday, January 17, 2010.
OUT: Neither candidate received a majority of the votes, so a run-off election was necessary.

IN : The organization existed for approximately two centuries in the Middle Ages.
OUT: The organization existed for about two centuries during the Middle Ages.

IN : Hiroshima is the title of a magazine article written by Pulitzer winner John Hersey that appeared in The New Yorker in August 1946, one year after the United States dropped an atomic bomb on the city of Hiroshima, Japan, at 8:15 a.m. , August 6, 1945.
OUT: The article "Hiroshima" by John Hersey was published in The New Yorker in August 1946, one year after the atomic bombing of Hiroshima, Japan.

IN : The opposition of the community eventually succeeded, and the license to build the dump was denied.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The opposition of the community eventually succeeded, and the license to build the dump was denied. The community's opposition prevailed, and the building permit for the dump was denied.

IN : Other well-known members include Ulothrix and Acetabularia.
OUT: Ulothrix and Acetabularia are also well-known members.

IN : To prevent this, a basil-grower may pinch off any flower stems before they are fully mature.
OUT: A basil grower can remove immature flower stems.

IN : While the Federalists interpreted the amendment as limiting the power of Congress over the press, but implying that such power existed, Madison argued that the First Amendment wholly prohibited Congress from any interference with the press.
OUT: Madison argued that the First Amendment prohibits Congress from interfering with the press. (Federalists believed the amendment limited, but didn't eliminate, Congress' power over the press.)

IN : Tabs are the primary component of Chrome's user interface and as such, have been moved to the top of the window rather than below the controls.
OUT: In Chrome, tabs are now located at the top of the window instead of below the controls.

IN : Mary sees her chance to become a superstar when her school promotes a talent show.
OUT: Mary sees an opportunity to become a superstar at the school talent show.

IN : Having finished school in 1880, he left Breslau to study medicine in Halle.
OUT: After graduating from school in 1880, he went to Halle to study medicine.

IN : The division of ancient Egypt into nomes can be traced back to the Predynastic Period (before 3100 BC) .
OUT: The division of ancient Egypt into nomes dates back to the Predynastic Period (before 3100 BC).

IN : Originally, the award was known as the J. Louis Comiskey Memorial Award, named after the Chicago White Sox owner of the 1930s.
OUT: The award was named after J. Louis Comiskey, the Chicago White Sox owner of the 1930s.

IN : Having first started playing the baroque violin while studying Classics at Cambridge University, he went on to study with Simon Standage, one of the founding members of The English Concert, at the Royal Academy of Music, followed by further studies with Lucy van Dael at The Hague and Marie Leonhardt.
OUT: He studied the baroque violin at Cambridge University, then with Simon Standage at the Royal Academy of Music, and later with Lucy van Dael at The Hague and Marie Leonhardt.

IN : Eggs, baking soda or baking powder, starch, oil, and\/or spices may also be added.
OUT: These ingredients may be added: eggs, baking soda or baking powder, starch, oil, and spices.

IN : He made his NHL debut in 1974 with the Rangers playing 99 games and scoring 2 goals and 18 assists.
OUT: He debuted in the NHL with the Rangers in 1974, playing 99 games and scoring 2 goals and 18 assists.

IN : Outflow continued to improve, and with warm sea surface temperatures Beryl gradually intensified to attain peak winds of 60 mph (95 km\/h) early on July 20 while located about 120 miles (190 km) east of Nags Head, North Carolina.
OUT: Hurricane Beryl reached peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) east of North Carolina on July 20 with warm sea surface temperatures contributing to its improvement.

IN : Derby is a city in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States.
OUT: Derby is a city in Connecticut.

IN : The most popular periodical for Dalmatian Italians is Il Dalmata, published in Trieste by Renzo de' Vidovich.
OUT: Il Dalmata is the most popular periodical for Dalmatian Italians, published in Trieste by Renzo de' Vidovich.

IN : Knowles appears in the middle of the song, singing the verses in a rapid-fire way, accompanied by double beats.
OUT: Knowles sings the verses quickly, accompanied by double beats.

IN : In order to avoid repetition of Aang's adventures, the creators wanted to root the show in one place, called Republic City.
OUT: The creators wanted to set the show in one place, Republic City, to avoid repeating Aang's adventures.

IN : In the absence of large-scale political unification, such as that imposed forcibly by the Romans upon the peoples of Italy, the various tribes remained free, led by their own hereditary or chosen leaders.
OUT: In the absence of Roman-style political unification, tribes retained their freedom, governed by their own leaders.

IN : Titan was discovered on March 25, 1655, by the Dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens.
OUT: Titan was discovered by Christiaan Huygens in 1655.

IN : When mature, the sorrel-colored Lightning Bar stood tall and weighed about 1250 l.
OUT: The Lightning Bar weighed around 1250 lbs when fully grown.

IN : Gouvix is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Gouvix is a commune in northwestern France, in the Calvados department.

IN : Lcs allows one parameter, the name of an existing Category.
OUT: Lcs takes one parameter, the name of a Category.

IN : I - As stated in its original program, the party was to move from licit to illicit activities, thus becoming once again a covert organization.
OUT: The party transitioned from legal to illegal activities, making it a clandestine organization once more.

IN : Even for a 3-axis CNC milling machine using the same control system as a robot arm, it is the arm which is almost always called a robot, while the CNC machine is usually just a machine. Having eyes can also make a difference in whether a machine is called a robot, since humans instinctively connect eyes with sentience.
OUT: A CNC milling machine with the same control system as a robot arm is typically called a machine, while the robot arm is called a robot, even with eyes, humans associate robots with sentience.

IN : Other Tamil communities, such as those in South Africa and Fiji, no longer speak Tamil as a first language, but still retain a strong Tamil identity, and are able to understand the language, while most elders speak it as a first language.
OUT: Tamil communities in South Africa and Fiji no longer use Tamil as their primary language but maintain a strong Tamil identity and can understand it, with most elders speaking it fluently.

IN : The glans is also commonly referred to as the "head of the penis" , while common British slang terms include "helmet," "knob end" and "bell end" , all referring to its distinctive shape.
OUT: The glans is called the "head of the penis." In British slang, it is also referred to as the "helmet," "knob end," or "bell end."

IN : In some arachnids, the oesophagus also acts as an additional pump.
OUT: A few arachnids have an extra pump in their esophagus.

IN : Versace's body was cremated and his ashes returned to the family's estate near Cernobbio, Italy.
OUT: Versace's ashes were taken to his family's estate in Italy.

IN : Chiefland is a city in Levy County, Florida, United States.
OUT: Chiefland is in Levy County, Florida.

IN : Monroe therefore resigned as Secretary of War and was formally reappointed Secretary of State.
OUT: Monroe resigned as Secretary of War and was appointed Secretary of State.

IN : From morphological data, Iguanid lizards have been thought to have diverged from other squamates very early, but recent molecular phylogenies, both from mitochondrial and nuclear DNA, do not support this early divergence.
OUT: According to morphological data, Iguanids are believed to have diverged early from other squamates, but recent DNA studies contradict this.

IN : The genus Corvus, including the jackdaws, crows and ravens, makes up over a third of the entire family.
OUT: A third or more of the Corvus genus consists of jackdaws, crows, and ravens.

IN : Adventures in Odyssey (AIO) , or simply Odyssey, is an Evangelical Christian-themed radio drama\/comedy series created by Focus on the Family in 1987.
OUT: Adventures in Odyssey, a Christian radio drama/comedy series, was created by Focus on the Family in 1987.

IN : It was first announced on July 18, 2007.
OUT: The announcement was made on July 18, 2007.

IN : According to them, on a planet where 20 % of the population consumes 80 % of the natural resources, a sustainable development can not be possible for this 20 % : "According to the origin of the concept of sustainable development, a development which meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs, the right term for the developed countries should be a sustainable de-growth" .
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: According to them, on a planet where 20 % of the population consumes 80 % of the natural resources, a sustainable development can not be possible for this 20 % : "According to the origin of the concept of sustainable development, a development which meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs, the right term for the developed countries should be a sustainable de-growth" . However, on a planet where 20 % of the population consumes 80 % of the natural resources, a sustainable development cannot be possible for this 20 %.

IN : The phylogenetic placement of Westlothiana has varied from basal amniote (i.e. a primitive reptile) to an amphibian Lepospondyl only distantly related to the Reptiliomorpha.
OUT: The phylogenetic position of Westlothiana has been debated, ranging from a primitive reptile (amniote) to a distantly related amphibian Lepospondyl, not closely linked to the Reptiliomorpha.

IN : Its coiled castings are a familiar sight on a beach at low tide but the animal itself is rarely seen except by those who, from curiosity or to use as fishing bait, dig the worm out of the sand.
OUT: The coiled castings of this animal are commonly seen on beaches at low tide, but the animal itself is seldom seen, except by those who dig it out of the sand for curiosity or fishing bait.

IN : The players have a word for him.
OUT: The players call him... (fill in the blank with the name or word).

IN : Garhi Yasin is situated on the right bank of River Indus.
OUT: Garhi Yasin is on the right bank of the Indus River.

IN : The most common form consists of a handle, shaft and head.
OUT: A common form includes a handle, shaft, and head.

IN : It is a part of the Columbus, Georgia-Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.
OUT: Columbus, Georgia is part of the metropolitan area.

IN : Moonspell is a Portuguese heavy metal band from Brandoa, Lisbon. Formed in 1992, the group released their first EP Under the Moonspell in 1994, a year before the release of their first album Wolfheart.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Moonspell is a Portuguese heavy metal band from Brandoa, Lisbon. Formed in 1992, the group released their first EP Under the Moonspell in 1994, a year before the release of their first album Wolfheart. Moonspell's music is characterized by a combination of gothic and symphonic elements, as well as Portuguese lyrics. The band has released ten studio albums, the latest being 2020's "Anamnesis." Moonspell's lineup includes Fernando Ribeiro on vocals, Ricardo Amorim on guitar, Pedro Paixo on bass, and Mike Gas

IN : It is around 40 meters below sea level and is a saline lake with a higher concentration of salt than the sea water.
OUT: A saline lake, about 40 meters below sea level, has a greater salt concentration than seawater.

IN : According to tradition, it was written around the 6th century BC by the sage Laozi (or Lao Tzu, "Old Master") , a record-keeper at the Zhou Dynasty court, by whose name the text is known in China.
OUT: The text known as the Tao Te Ching was written around the 6th century BC by Laozi.

IN : The name derives from the Nahuatl word for the shrub, achiotl.
OUT: The name comes from the Nahuatl word for the shrub.

IN : Glen Canyon is a canyon that is located in southeastern and south central Utah and northwestern Arizona within the Vermilion Cliffs area.
OUT: Glen Canyon is located in southeastern and south central Utah and northwestern Arizona, within the Vermilion Cliffs area.

IN : In most communist countries, membership of the pioneer movement is officially optional. Many features of the pioneer movement made it essentially different from Scout movement, particularly as the Scout movement is independent of government control and political parties.
OUT: In communist countries, joining the pioneer movement is voluntary, unlike the Scout movement, which is politically independent.

IN : The Post Office opened on 1 September 1859.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The Post Office opened on 1 September 1859. The Post Office opened in 1859.

IN : By the morning of the 17th, it had developed into a hurricane south of Acapulco.
OUT: The hurricane developed south of Acapulco by the 17th.

IN : The type specimen, formally named in 2010, shows features not seen in previously known Northern Hemisphere (Laurasian) dromaeosaurids, but present in Southern Hemisphere (Gondwanan) species and early birds.
OUT: A dromaeosaurid from the Northern Hemisphere, formally named in 2010, displays characteristics typical of Southern Hemisphere (Gondwanan) species and early birds, but not previously observed in Northern Hemisphere Laurasian dromaeosaurids.

IN : Louvers originated in the Middle Ages as lantern-like constructions in wood that were fitted on top of roof holes in large kitchens to allow ventilation while keeping out rain and snow.
OUT: Louvers, which are ventilation openings, originated during the Middle Ages as wooden structures on roofs to keep out rain and snow while allowing air in.

IN : As a result of the depletion of fossil fuels, humanity had to search for a new source of power.
OUT: The depletion of fossil fuels led us to seek new power sources.

IN : The declaration of independence was made by members of the Kosovo Assembly meeting in Pristina, the capital of Kosovo, on 17 February 2008. It was approved by a unanimous quorum, numbering 109 members.
OUT: The Declaration of Independence was adopted by Kosovo Assembly members in Pristina on February 17, 2008. (Simplified)

IN : All the voices were recorded separately so Taylor was the only one in the booth when she recorded her lines, which took approximately six to eight hours.
OUT: Taylor recorded her lines separately, taking around six to eight hours.

IN : The Lego Group estimates that in the course of five decades it has produced some 400 billion Lego blocks.
OUT: The Lego Group has produced approximately 400 billion Lego blocks in fifty years.

IN : He plays as a flanker or lock.
OUT: He plays as a flanker or lock (lock is a type of flanker in rugby, so they are interchangeable). Therefore, a simpler version could be: He plays as a forward.

IN : In 1928 his parents moved him to the Hermann-Lietz-Internat (also a residential school) on the East Frisian North Sea island of Spiekeroog.
OUT: In 1928, his parents sent him to a residential school on Spiekeroog island in the East Frisian North Sea.

IN : Ilham Aliyev is the son of Heydar Aliyev, who was Azerbaijan's president from 1993-2003.
OUT: Ilham Aliyev is the son of a former Azerbaijani president (1993-2003).

IN : Hodgkin's lymphoma, previously known as Hodgkin's disease, is a type of lymphoma, which is a cancer originating from white blood cells called lymphocytes.
OUT: Hodgkin's lymphoma is a cancer of the lymphocytes.

IN : New South Greenland, sometimes known as Morrell's Land, was an appearance of land recorded by the American captain Benjamin Morrell of the schooner Wasp in, during a sealing and exploration voyage in the Weddell Sea area of Antarctica.
OUT: American captain Benjamin Morrell discovered New South Greenland, also called Morrell's Land, in the Weddell Sea during a sealing expedition.

IN : Sizemore graduated from Cascade High School in Everett, Washington, in 2000.
OUT: Sizemore graduated from Cascade High School in Everett, WA, in 2000.

IN : In 1703, however, Anne once again revived the Order of the Thistle, which survives to this day.
OUT: The Order of the Thistle was revived in 1703 and continues to exist.

IN : Mexico was not part of the war as the country was embroiled in the Mexican Revolution at the time.
OUT: Mexico wasn't involved in the war because it was going through the Mexican Revolution.

IN : They also enable the automatic configuration of the user interface of the word processing software, with features such as autocompletion, toolbars, thesaurus, and spelling options.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: They also enable the automatic configuration of the user interface of the word processing software, with features such as autocompletion, toolbars, thesaurus, and spelling options. The user interface of the word processing software can be automatically configured with features like autocompletion, toolbars, thesaurus, and spelling options.

IN : Her premature death was a consequence, it was said, of her debaucheries.
OUT: She died prematurely due to her debauchery.

IN : Additionally, louvers are used as semi-passive means of thermal control on spacecraft.
OUT: Louvers help control temperature on spacecraft.

IN : Mrs. Strasberg successfully sued Los Angeles-based Odyssey Auctions in 1994 to prevent the sale of items consigned by the nephew of Monroe's business manager, Inez Melson.
OUT: Mrs. Strasberg sued Odyssey Auctions in 1994 to stop the sale of Monroe's items.

IN : The Central African Republic is situated just north of the Equator and consequently throughout the year daily high temperatures rarely fall below the high 80s Fahrenheit.
OUT: The Central African Republic lies north of the Equator, with daily high temperatures rarely dropping below the high 80s Fahrenheit year-round.

IN : Io is the innermost of the four Galilean moons of the planet Jupiter and, with a diameter of 3642 k, the fourth-largest moon in the Solar System.
OUT: Io is the innermost Galilean moon of Jupiter, with a diameter of 3642 km, making it the fourth-largest moon in the Solar System.

IN : Dr. Walther Funk (18 August 1890 - 31 May 1960) was a prominent Nazi official.
OUT: Dr. Funk was a Nazi official.

IN : The St. Louis Cardinals are a professional baseball team based in St. Louis, Missouri.
OUT: The St. Louis Cardinals are a professional baseball team based in St. Louis, Missouri, with 11 World Series championships and 19 National League pennants.

IN : Despite these criticisms, the novel still captured the imagination of many Americans.
OUT: The novel drew the interest of many Americans, despite its criticisms.

IN : The exhibition showed various complicated social and economical trends. By using charts which were to be intuitive and interesting the attempt was to make those concepts easy to grasp.
OUT: The exhibition explained complex social and economic trends using intuitive and interesting charts.

IN : Following his university education he found employment with Aer Lingus, the state airline of Ireland, in 1947 and became an authority on the strategic economic planning of transport.
OUT: The man got a job with Aer Lingus, the Irish state airline, in 1947, and gained expertise in transport strategic planning.

IN : Many people being treated for panic attacks begin to experience limited symptom attacks.
OUT: People with panic attacks often have fewer symptom attacks over time.

IN : Akan is a town in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States.
OUT: Akan is a town in Wisconsin, USA (Richland County).

IN : "Formal Invite" followed at # 54 on the R&B chart.
OUT: "Formal Invite reached # 54 on the R&B chart."

IN : Robert da Silva Almeida, best known as Robert (born 3 April 1971) is a Brazilian football player.
OUT: Robert Almeida, born 3 April 1971, is a Brazilian football player.

IN : Boysen worked as Anaheim City Parks superintendent from 1921-1950.
OUT: Boysen was the Anaheim City Parks superintendent from 1921 to 1950.

IN : This template makes a blue box appear that includes the current time and the amount of articles on Wikipedia at this moment.
OUT: The template displays the current time and number of articles on Wikipedia in a blue box.

IN : The King Fahd Mosque in Culver City, California and the Islamic Cultural Center of Italy in Rome represent two of Saudi Arabia's largest investments in foreign mosques as former Saudi king Fahd bin Abdul Aziz al-Saud contributed US$ 8 million and US$ 50 million to the two mosques, respectively.
OUT: Two of Saudi Arabia's largest foreign mosque investments are the King Fahd Mosque in Culver City, California, and the Islamic Cultural Center of Italy in Rome. The former received US$ 8 million from former King Fahd bin Abdul Aziz al-Saud,

IN : The same functionality which makes a debugger useful for eliminating bugs allows it to be used as a software cracking tool to evade copy protection, digital rights management, and other software protection features.
OUT: Debuggers can be used to bypass software protections.

IN : After a few months at home, her mother placed Austen with Elizabeth Littlewood, a woman living nearby, who nursed and raised Austen for a year or eighteen months.
OUT: Austen lived with Elizabeth Littlewood for a year and a half after her mother left her at her home.

IN : Articles about significant fictional characters in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
OUT: Significant fictional characters in Doctor Who are the subject of articles.

IN : Food prepared in accordance with them is termed kosher, and food that is not kosher is also known as treifah or treif. People who observe these laws are colloquially said to be "keeping kosher" .
OUT: Food prepared according to Jewish law is called kosher, and food that isn't is referred to as treif or treifah. Those who follow these laws are said to "keep kosher".

IN : As mandated by the Olympic Charter, various elements frame the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games.
OUT: The Olympic Charter requires specific elements for the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games.

IN : After Derwinski's loss, President Ronald Reagan appointed him Counselor to the State Department.
OUT: After losing, Reagan appointed Derwinski as Counselor to the State Department.

IN : Because of this, the band says, "He took our cuts for us... leaving us ` Kutless' ."
OUT: The band says he left us powerless by taking our shares.

IN : La Chapelle-Engerbold is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: The commune of La Chapelle-Engerbold is in the Calvados department, which is part of the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.

IN : Any practical use of thallium (III) oxide will always have to take account of thallium's poisonous nature.
OUT: Using thallium (III) oxide requires consideration of thallium's toxic properties.

IN : First presented in 1950, the Hurwicz criterion is thought about to this day in the area of decision making called "under uncertainty."
OUT: The Hurwicz criterion was introduced in 1950 for decision making under uncertainty.

IN : As it developed, Terry found the idol and never needed to use it at a vote, but his possession of it appeared to influence how several other people voted.
OUT: The idol remained undisclosed by Terry, but it seemed to sway some voters.

IN : Specifically, Beverly Hills is bordered on the northwest by the Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air and the Santa Monica Mountains, on the east by West Hollywood, the Carthay neighborhood of Los Angeles, and the Fairfax District of Los Angeles, and on the south by the Beverlywood.
OUT: Beverly Hills is bordered by Bel-Air and the Santa Monica Mountains to the northwest, West Hollywood, Carthay, and Fairfax Districts of Los Angeles to the east, and Beverlywood to the south.

IN : Many Southern writers, like Simms, soon wrote their own books in opposition to Stowe's novel (see the Anti-Tom section below) .
OUT: Many Southern writers wrote in opposition to Stowe's novel.

IN : Konzum stores are named Konzum, Konzum Maxi, or Super Konzum according to their sizes.
OUT: Konzum stores come in three sizes: Konzum, Konzum Maxi, and Super Konzum.

IN : Meanwhile, Fire Lord Ozai proclaims himself to be ruler of the world, under the title "Phoenix King" , and declares Azula to be the new Fire Lord, setting off to burn the world and rebuild it under his New Order.
OUT: Meanwhile, Fire Lord Ozai declares himself the "Phoenix King" and names Azula the new Fire Lord, intending to burn the world and rebuild it under his New Order.

IN : Their presence in society is usually tolerated and are considered blessed in the Pakistani culture.
OUT: Their presence is generally tolerated and considered blessed in Pakistani culture.

IN : John XIX (born in Rome, died October 1032) , born Romanus, was Pope from 1024 to 1032.
OUT: John XIX (born in Rome, died in 1032), also known as Romanus, was Pope from 1024 to 1032.

IN : According to Champion, '' ... it was really difficult to record, because it worked at about five or six different tempos.
OUT: Champion found recording the song challenging due to its varying tempos.

IN : In 1898 the river was the scene of a brief gold rush called the Kobuk River Stampede, which involved about 2,000 prospectors in total.
OUT: The gold rush on Kobuk River in 1898 attracted around 2,000 prospectors.

IN : The track was more or less abandoned during the war and was in bad shape.
OUT: The track was abandoned during the war and was in bad condition.

IN : Lodging (or a holiday accommodation) is a type of residential accommodation.
OUT: A type of residential accommodation is called lodging or a holiday accommodation.

IN : After retirement he became an assistant coach for the American Hockey League's Springfield Falcons from 2000 to 2003, and then the NHL's Boston Bruins from 2003 to 2006.
OUT: He coached in the American Hockey League and NHL from 2000 to 2006.

IN : He later ran for mayor and governor and even sought the presidential nomination, but lost much of his personal prestige when outrage exploded in 1901 after columnist Ambrose Bierce and editor Arthur Brisbane published separate columns months apart that suggested the assassination of William McKinley.
OUT: He sought mayor, governor, and presidential nominations but lost prestige after McKinley assassination columns by Bierce and Brisbane in 1901.

IN : Tip-tilt mirrors are widely used in night time and solar telescopes, to correct the aberration introduced by the atmosphere on the light path and improve image quality over what would be possible according to the atmospheric seeing.
OUT: Tip-tilt mirrors are commonly used in nighttime and solar telescopes to enhance image quality by correcting atmospheric aberrations.

IN : The storm made landfall in Maryland on the Delmarva Peninsula and continued northwest where it dissipated. Danielle was a very rare tropical cyclone to make landfall in Virginia, one of only a few.
OUT: The storm hit Maryland's Delmarva Peninsula and later dissipated in the northwest, while Danielle was a rare storm to hit Virginia.

IN : No named storms formed in the central Pacific; however, there were two tropical depressions.
OUT: No named storms formed in the central Pacific, but there were two tropical depressions.

IN : (Laughs) ... I have seen him totally drunk and singing Ukrainian poetry and then the next day I have seen him give an impressive talk.
OUT: I've seen him behave unusually, going from drunken singing of Ukrainian poetry to giving an impressive talk the next day.

IN : From the "selfish gene's" point-of-view, it is advantageous to raise more sisters.
OUT: It's beneficial for a gene to produce more sister organisms.

IN : He took up a mistress named Panthea, from Smyrna.
OUT: He took up a mistress named Panthea, from Smyrna. => He took up a mistress named Panthea.

IN : It serves as the center of the Government of India and the Government of the National Capital Territory of Delhi. New Delhi is situated within the metropolis of Delhi and is one of the fastest growing cities in the world.
OUT: New Delhi is the capital city of India and the National Capital Territory, and it's among the world's fastest growing cities.

IN : After the release of Reckless the album would chart on the British album chart and would later be certified Silver by the BPI.
OUT: The album Reckless would chart on the British album chart and be certified Silver by the BPI after its release.

IN : In the show, viewers can see Fielding and paranormal experts investigating various supposedly haunted locations around Britain, in the hopes that paranormal activity may be documented by the crew.
OUT: The show features Fielding and paranormal experts investigating haunted sites in Britain.

IN : Yaniv Katan (; born January 27, 1981 in Kiryat Ata, Israel) is an Israeli international football forward and winger.
OUT: Yaniv Katan is an Israeli footballer.

IN : Zircon incorporates uranium and thorium atoms into its crystalline structure, but strongly rejects lead.
OUT: Zircon absorbs uranium and thorium, but not lead.

IN : In 1966, Colin Chapman (Lotus Cars founder and principal of Team Lotus) persuaded Ford to bankroll Keith Duckworth's design for a new lightweight 3000 c Formula One engine.
OUT: In 1966, Colin Chapman convinced Ford to fund Keith Duckworth's design for a lightweight 3000 c Formula One engine.

IN : Pak Singhar is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
OUT: Pak Singhar is a town and council in Pakistan's Sindh Province.

IN : Jane Irwin Harrison (Mercersburg, Franklin, Pennsylvania, July 23, 1804 -- May 11, 1846) , who married William Henry Harrison Jr, was the daughter-in-law of William Henry Harrison, ninth President of the United States.
OUT: Jane Irwin Harrison was the daughter-in-law of President William Henry Harrison.

IN : Much of the crew's work consists of cargo runs or smuggling.
OUT: The crew's work involves cargo runs or smuggling.

IN : According to the Church of Satan historiography, other LaVey associates from this time include noted Science Fiction and Horror writers Anthony Boucher, August Derleth, Robert Barbour Johnson, Reginald Bretnor, Emil Petaja, Stuart Palmer, Clark Ashton Smith, Forrest J. Ackerman, and Fritz Leiber Jr. .
OUT: The Church of Satan acknowledges the association of these writers with Anton LaVey during that time.

IN : See also: Category: Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
OUT: See also the categories for Shrewsbury Town F.C. (players, managers, seasons, records and statistics, grounds).

IN : The type of network topology in which a central ` root' node (the top level of the hierarchy) is connected to one or more other nodes that are one level lower in the hierarchy (i.e. , the second level) with a point-to-point link between each of the second level nodes and the top level central ` root' node, while each of the second level nodes that are connected to the top level central ` root' node will also have one or more other nodes that are one level lower in the hierarchy (i.e. , the third level) connected to it, also with a point-to-point link, the top level central ` root' node being the only node that has no other node above it in the hierarchy (The hierarchy of the tree is symmetrical.)
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The type of network topology in which a central ` root' node (the top level of the hierarchy) is connected to one or more other nodes that are one level lower in the hierarchy (i.e. , the second level) with a point-to-point link between each of the second level nodes and the top level central ` root' node, while each of the second level nodes that are connected to the top level central ` root' node will also have one or more other nodes that are one level lower in the hierarchy (i.e. , the third level) connected to it, also with a point-to-point link, the top level central ` root' node being the only node that has no other node above it in the hierarchy (The hierarchy of the tree is symmetrical.) is

IN : Consequently, as the number of components in a solution increases, the individual vapor pressures decrease, since the mole fraction of each component decreases with each additional component.
OUT: As the number of components in a solution increases, individual vapor pressures decrease.

IN : Downham is a district occupying much of the boundary between the London Borough of Lewisham and the London Borough of Bromley; it is the name of an electoral ward covering much of the area on the Lewisham side.
OUT: Downham is an area straddling the border between Lewisham and Bromley boroughs, encompassed by the Lewisham electoral ward.

IN : Among lay Tibetans she is seen as a Buddha who takes the form of an ordinary woman so as to be accessible to the average person, "who, for the time being, do not see her Vajravarahi form as a fully perfected deity."
OUT: A lay Tibetan woman is believed to embody a Buddha, appearing as an ordinary woman to connect with the masses, who do not yet recognize her Vajravarahi form as a fully enlightened deity.

IN : Note, though, that if no book number is relevant, the blank argument must be there, e.g. produces: (compare the spacing in the example below) .
OUT: The blank argument must be present if no book number is relevant.

IN : (We fed 0 here to make it show in this documentation, but in real usage it would show the value 10.)
OUT: In real usage, it shows the value 10.

IN : JJ Lin is managed by Ocean Butterflies.
OUT: JJ Lin is managed by Ocean Butterflies Music.

IN : Near the end of the show's run, the couple had a baby daughter, whom they named Mabel.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Near the end of the show's run, the couple had a baby daughter, whom they named Mabel. The couple had a baby named Mabel towards the end of the show's run.

IN : Tracking northwestward, the depression moved ashore near Fort Walton Beach early on September 22, and shortly thereafter it dissipated over southeastern Alabama.
OUT: The depression moved ashore near Fort Walton Beach on September 22 and dissipated over southeastern Alabama.

IN : At birth, Buell claimed that rock star Todd Rundgren was Tyler's biological father.
OUT: Buell claimed that Todd Rundgren was Tyler's father at birth.

IN : Since 1909, the Allan Cup has been awarded 102 times.
OUT: The Allan Cup has been awarded 102 times since 1909.

IN : A deep ditch separated the city from its "suburb;" its location is today marked by a wide street named "Graben" (meaning Ditch) .
OUT: The city is marked by a wide street named "Graben" (Ditch) that separates it from its former suburb.

IN : On 22 October 2006 Cavergno lost its status as an independent municipality when together with the village of Bignasco it was incorporated into the municipality of Cevio.
OUT: The municipality of Cevio incorporated Cavergno and Bignasco on 22 October 2006.

IN : The King gave Dorus a gold medal of honor and smoked a pipe with him.
OUT: A: The King honored Dorus with a gold medal and smoked a pipe with him.

IN : Other batteries were located on Middle Head, South Head, Shark Point and Bradleys Head, but none were ever used for combative purposes.
OUT: Other batteries existed at Middle Head, South Head, Shark Point, and Bradleys Head, but they were never used for combat.

IN : He played as striker for Thailand national football team.
OUT: He was a striker for Thailand's football team.

IN : The record features the songs "Whatever" and "Lord Do n't Slow Me Down" which had previously never appeared on an Oasis album (although the latter did appear on the Dig Out Your Soul discbox) .
OUT: The record includes the songs "Whatever" and "Lord Don't Slow Me Down," which weren't on any previous Oasis album.

IN : He later studied geology and mineralogy in the Sheffield Scientific School, New Haven, and afterwards paleontology and anatomy in Berlin, Heidelberg and Breslau.
OUT: He later studied geology, mineralogy, paleontology, and anatomy in Sheffield, New Haven, Berlin, Heidelberg, and Breslau.

IN : They can be made with ingredients like San Marzano tomatoes, which grow on the volcanic plains to the south of Mount Vesuvius, and mozzarella di bufala Campana, made with the milk from water buffalo raised in the marshlands of Campania and Lazio in a semi-wild state (this mozzarella is protected with its own European protected designation of origin) .
OUT: The ingredients include San Marzano tomatoes and mozzarella di bufala Campana. (San Marzano tomatoes are grown in volcanic plains south of Mount Vesuvius,

IN : He is probably best known as one of the architects of the modern evolutionary synthesis, which he popularized in Germany.
OUT: He is best known for popularizing the modern evolutionary synthesis in Germany as one of its architects.

IN : He turned down selection to ride the 1959 Tour de France.
OUT: He declined riding in the 1959 Tour de France.

IN : The seven presidents born in Ohio were Ulysses S. Grant, Rutherford B. Hayes, James A. Garfield, Benjamin Harrison (grandson of William Henry Harrison) , William McKinley, William Howard Taft and Warren G. Harding.
OUT: Seven presidents were born in Ohio: Ulysses S. Grant, Rutherford B. Hayes, James A. Garfield, Benjamin Harrison, William McKinley, William Howard Taft, and Warren G. Harding.

IN : After 28 days at sea, the ship's cargo caught fire and the crew was forced to abandon ship.
OUT: The ship's cargo caught fire and the crew had to abandon ship after 28 days at sea.

IN : In the fall of 1822, the 15-year old Longfellow enrolled at Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, alongside his brother Stephen.
OUT: The 15-year-old Longfellow enrolled at Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, in the fall of 1822, with his brother Stephen.

IN : I was languid with the heat and Fischer was better prepared for such exceptional circumstances... I saw chess pieces through a mist and, thus, my level of playing was not good. ''
OUT: Your level of playing was not good due to the heat and your unpreparedness, while Fischer thrived in the exceptional circumstances. (Simplified sentence)

IN : He has played for the Japanese national team.
OUT: He plays for Japan's national team.

IN : The current city manager is Wes Hare.
OUT: The city manager is Wes Hare.

IN : Ankeny was founded by John Ankeny in 1875 and was incorporated on February 28, 1903.
OUT: Ankeny was founded in 1875 and incorporated in 1903.

IN : A large cobalt processing plant with shipping facilities was built at Moa, using foreign investment, much of it from Canada.
OUT: A large cobalt processing plant with shipping facilities was built at Moa, mainly funded by foreign investment, including from Canada.

IN : VNV Nation are a British\/Irish electronic music band originally from Wexford, Ireland and London, United Kingdom and now based in Hamburg, Germany. They combine elements of industrial music, trance, synthpop and electronic body music (EBM) .
OUT: VNV Nation is a British-Irish electronic music band based in Hamburg, Germany. They blend industrial music, trance, synthpop, and EBM. Their sound features electronic instruments, distorted vocals, and a strong emphasis on mel

IN : According to a local myth, building the first bridge was very hard and so the Devil himself agreed to build it.
OUT: Locally, the Devil built the first bridge.

IN : Cartman is again abducted by the aliens and returned to the bus stop the following day.
OUT: Cartman is abducted and released by the aliens the next day.

IN : If string contains an equals sign, you must put'' 2 = string'' instead of'' string'' .
OUT: If a string has an equals sign, replace it with "2 = string" in the equation.

IN : This limitation does not affect collapsible tables.
OUT: The limitation does not impact collapsible tables.

IN : The efficiency of various heat engines proposed or used today ranges from 3 percent (97 percent waste heat) for the OTEC ocean power proposal through 25 percent for most automotive engines, to 45 percent for a supercritical coal plant, to about 60 percent for a steam-cooled combined cycle gas turbine.
OUT: Heat engine efficiencies range from 3% to 60%. OTEC is the least efficient at 3%, while steam-cooled combined cycle gas turbines are the most efficient at 60%.

IN : The memo led to strong Bush administration lobbying, evidently at the behest of ExxonMobil, to oust Robert Watson, a climate scientist, from the IPCC chairmanship, and to have him replaced by Pachauri, who was seen at the time as more mild-mannered and industry-friendly.
OUT: ExxonMobil lobbied the Bush administration to remove climate scientist Robert Watson from IPCC chairmanship and replace him with industry-friendly Pachauri.

IN : The Statira Sulphur has a more yellowish upper side and the underside of the wings is pale greenish to white with females having light pinkish markings.
OUT: The Statira Sulphur's upper side is yellower, while its underside is pale greenish to white, with females sporting light pinkish markings.

IN : Many of these officers would dress and pretend to be drunk homeless people or as decoy victims in order to catch muggers who were attacking them due to being unable to help themselves.
OUT: The officers would pose as drunk homeless people or decoy victims to catch muggers.

IN : This was cut in the early 17th century to allow entry for the Bishop's cat to deter vermin that were attracted to the animal fat used to lubricate the clock mechanism.
OUT: The bishop's cat had access to the clock in the early 17th century to keep vermin away from the animal fat used to lubricate the mechanism.

IN : He played center and right wing with four different teams: the Vancouver Canucks (in two stints) , New York Islanders, Montreal Canadiens, and Washington Capitals.
OUT: He played for four teams: Vancouver Canucks (twice), New York Islanders, Montreal Canadiens, and Washington Capitals.

IN : Others are similar.
OUT: Others are like it.

IN : Functions may variously include sensing touch, air motion, heat, vibration (sound) , and especially olfaction (smell) or gustation (taste) .
OUT: Functions can include sensing touch, air motion, heat, vibration (sound), olfaction (smell), and gustation (taste).

IN : The result has been a number of complaints and allegations that none of the political parties truly represent the interests of the poor.
OUT: The political parties don't adequately represent the poor. (This sentence conveys the same meaning as the original sentence but is simpler in structure and word choice.)

IN : They are found worldwide, but mostly occur in the Northern Hemisphere and southern Africa, typically in dry and\/or cold areas where water may be scarce.
OUT: The majority of these species inhabit the Northern Hemisphere and southern Africa, preferring dry or cold environments where water availability is limited.

IN : Historically, when Europe was dominated by the Mediterranean region (i.e. the Roman Empire) , everything not near this sea was termed Northern Europe, including Germany, the Low Countries, and Austria.
OUT: During the Roman Empire's rule over Europe, regions not bordering the Mediterranean were referred to as Northern Europe, including Germany, the Low Countries, and Austria.

IN : Travis's style is well explained and exemplified by Marcel Dadi on the DVD The Guitar of Merle Travis, which includes live video performances by Travis of classics such as "John Henry" and "Nine Pound Hammer" as well as transcriptions of Travis solos in tablature.
OUT: The DVD showcases Marcel Dadi's explanation and demonstration of Travis's guitar style with live performances and tablature transcriptions of classic songs.

IN : In October 1998, during his first period in the Cabinet, Mandelson was the center of media attention when Matthew Parris (openly gay former MP and then Parliamentary sketch writer of The Times) mentioned during a live interview on Newsnight, in the wake of the resignation of Ron Davies, that "Peter Mandelson is certainly gay" .
OUT: Mandelson was the focus of media attention in October 1998 when Ron Davies' resignation led Matthew Parris to publicly declare Mandelson's sexuality on Newsnight.

IN : A square in Schmallenberg has been named Burgess Hill Platz.
OUT: A square in Schmallenberg is called Burgess Hill Platz.

IN : The cloisters and chapter house were completed around 1280.
OUT: The cloisters and chapter house were built around 1280.

IN : Boysetsfire is a post-hardcore band from Newark, Delaware and West Chester, Pennsylvania that formed in October 1994.
OUT: Boysetsfire is a post-hardcore band from Delaware and Pennsylvania, formed in 1994.

IN : Prato (Leventina) is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
OUT: Prato in Ticino, Switzerland (Leventina district) is a municipality.

IN : He lives in New York with his wife, the linguist Janet Dean Fodor, and has two grown children.
OUT: He lives in New York with his wife, Janet Dean Fodor, and has two grown children.

IN : An ellipsis is also often used in mathematics to mean "and so forth" . In a list, between commas, or following a comma, a normal ellipsis is used, as in:
OUT: An ellipsis

IN : This subtemplate produces a zero with a decimal point and trailing zeros.
OUT: This subtemplate generates a decimal zero.

IN : The range takes its name from Mount Wrangell, which is one of the largest andesite shield volcanoes in the world, and also the only presently active volcano in the range.
OUT: The range is named after Mount Wrangell, an active andesite shield volcano and the largest in the world within the range.

IN : She has been nominated four times for the BAFTA Award for Best Editing.
OUT: She has been nominated four times for a BAFTA Award in the Best Editing category.

IN : The honey badger has a fairly long body, but is distinctly thick set and broad across the back.
OUT: A honey badger has a long body and is broad across the back.

IN : Examples of true annuals include corn, wheat, rice, lettuce, peas, watermelon, beans, zinnia and marigold.
OUT: Corn, wheat, rice, lettuce, peas, watermelon, beans, zinnia, and marigold are examples of true annuals.

IN : This would explain the profusion of positional and date errors.
OUT: The errors could be the reason for the abundance of positional and date information.

IN : The population was 12,924 at the 2000 census.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The population was 12,924 at the 2000 census. The population was 12,924 in the year 2000.

IN : Another is further inland between the river Thur and the river Murg.
OUT: A location is between the rivers Thur and Murg.

IN : Since 1963 Thatched House Lodge has been the residence of Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy.
OUT: Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy has lived at Thatched House Lodge since 1963.

IN : Almost all Roman Catholic translations, including the Douay-Rheims Bible (1609\/1752) , the New American Bible (1970) , the New Jerusalem Bible (1985) and the Christian Community Bible (1986) , have "kill."
OUT: Most Roman Catholic Bible translations use "kill" or "slay" for the passage about the Last Supper where Jesus says someone will betray him.

IN : We've got one planet, one chance. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: We've got one planet, one chance. ''One planet, one chance.''

IN : Upon signing the treaty, he remarked "I have signed my own death warrant."
OUT: After signing the treaty, he said, "I have signed my own death warrant."

IN : The Straits Settlements were originally an outlier of the British East India Company.
OUT: The Straits Settlements were once under the British East India Company's control.

IN : However, the WWF Board of Directors would only allow the match if Flair were to return one hundred percent control to McMahon.
OUT: The WWF Board of Directors would only allow the match if Flair gave McMahon full control.

IN : Princess Jasmine is a fictional character, one of the main characters of the 1992 Disney film, Aladdin, followed by its two direct-to-video sequels, The Return of Jafar (1994) and Aladdin and the King of Thieves (1996) , as well as the animated television series Aladdin.
OUT: Pr princess Jasmine is a character from the 1992 Disney film Aladdin, with appearances in its sequels and the related TV series.

IN : This template adds new Editor review requests to the backlog category.
OUT: This template creates new Editor review requests for the backlog.

IN : Giro (Kiro) Manoyan is an Armenian politician, one of the leaders of ARF Dashnaktsutiun and the head of Armenian Cause Office.
OUT: Giro Manoyan is an Armenian politician and leader of ARF Dashnaktsutiun, also known as the Armenian Cause Office's head.

IN : Innuendo, released in 1991, is Queen's thirteenth studio album and the last to be composed entirely of new material.
OUT: Released in 1991, "Innuendo" is Queen's thirteenth studio album with entirely new content.

IN : This is the or image message box meta-template.
OUT: This is the meta-template for an image message box.

IN : Mr. Fabiano is a sixth-grade teacher that calls in sick on April 28.
OUT: Mr. Fabiano is absent on April 28.

IN : Her children with Bogart are her son Stephen Humphrey Bogart (born January 6, 1949) , a news producer, documentary film maker and author; and her daughter Leslie Bogart (born August 23, 1952) , a yoga instructor.
OUT: She has a son, Stephen Bogart, born in 1949, and a daughter, Leslie Bogart, born in 1952.

IN : It was renovated in the eighteenth century.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It was renovated in the eighteenth century. The simplified sentence is: The building is eighteenth-century.

IN : They were described in 1936 by Alan Turing.
OUT: Turing described them in 1936.

IN : The Women's Championship was reactivated again in September 1998 when Jacqueline Moore defeated Sable to win the title.
OUT: The Women's Championship was reignited in September 1998 when Jacqueline Moore defeated Sable to claim the title.

IN : A jersey is an item of knitted clothing, traditionally in wool or cotton, with sleeves, worn as a pullover, as it does not open at the front, unlike a cardigan.
OUT: A jersey is a sleeved pullover made of wool or cotton.

IN : The resulting newspaper had both the size and style of The Sun News-Pictorial.
OUT: The resulting newspaper was similar to The Sun News-Pictorial in size and style.

IN : He made his debut in September 1997.
OUT: He debuted in September 1997.

IN : Wario ranked 10th on GameDaily's Top 10 Smash Bros. characters list.
OUT: Wario was number 10 on GameDaily's Smash Bros. character list.

IN : Despite the success of these two Robinsons and other black players, the number of African-American players in Major League Baseball has declined since the 1970s.
OUT: The number of African-American players in Major League Baseball has decreased since the 1970s, despite the success of players like the Robinsons.

IN : On 1 December 2009, Abbott was elected to the position of Leader of the Liberal Party of Australia over Malcolm Turnbull and Shadow Treasurer Joe Hockey (See 2009 Liberal Leadership ballot) .
OUT: Abbott was elected Leader of the Liberal Party on December 1, 2009, defeating Turnbull and Hockey.

IN : With a metropolitan area hosting the world's second most populated city, the film viewership is still popular in Karachi.
OUT: Despite being home to the world's second largest city, Karachi still has a significant film audience.

IN : Uncertain what had happened but not considering the matter particularly urgent, the team at the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory, led by Ray Klebesadel, filed the data away for investigation.
OUT: The team at Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory, led by Ray Klebesadel, didn't consider the matter urgent and filed the data away for investigation.

IN : Naruto defeats Gaara, and as a result, Gaara adopts Naruto's philosophy, realizing that fighting for others yields greater strength than fighting for one's self.
OUT: Naruto defeats Gaara, and Gaara changes his philosophy.

IN : Goethe sought to show that, as a turbid medium, the prism was an integral factor in the arising of color.
OUT: Goethe believed the prism was essential for the production of colors.

IN : The FIBA World Championship is an international basketball competition contested by the men's national teams of the members of the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) , the sport's global governing body. The championship has been held every four years since the inaugural tournament in 1950, except for two occasions.
OUT: The FIBA World Cup is an international basketball competition for men's national teams organized by the International Basketball Federation (FIBA). It has been held every four years since 

IN : As a category 1 hurricane, Luis made landfall on Newfoundland before it ultimately became extratropical on September 11.
OUT: Hurricane Luis made landfall on Newfoundland and later became extratropical on September 11.

IN : Vendetta is typical of societies with a weak rule of law (or where the state does n't consider itself responsible for mediating this kind of dispute) where family and kinship ties are the main source of authority.
OUT: A society with a weak rule of law often relies on family and kinship ties for authority, with a vendetta being a common occurrence.

IN : States with a Class 2 senator: Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, and Wyoming.
OUT: These states have a Class 2 senator: Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine,

IN : Acosmeryx socrates is a moth of the Sphingidae family.
OUT: Socrates moth (Acosmeryx socrates) is a type of sphingid moth.

IN : Three laps later Mansell went through the grass at Ostkurve without losing a place but damaging his car.
OUT: Three laps after, Mansell drove through the grass at Ostkurve without losing position but damaged his car.

IN : The flag of the state of Kansas was adopted in 1927.
OUT: The flag of Kansas was adopted in 1927.

IN : The natural biodiversity of the area has been protected by five separate parks in both coastal and inland regions, including Mapleton Falls National Park, Kondalilla National Park, The Glasshouse Mountains National Park, Noosa National Park, and the Great Sandy National Park, which includes sections on Fraser Island and in Cooloola near Rainbow Beach.
OUT: The area is protected by five national parks: Mapleton Falls, Kondalilla, Glasshouse Mountains, Noosa, and Great Sandy (with sections on Fraser Island and in Cooloola near Rainbow Beach).

IN : Tin (II) oxide (stannous oxide) is a compound of tin and oxygen where tin has the oxidation state of +2.
OUT: Tin(II) oxide is a tin-oxygen compound with tin in the +2 oxidation state.

IN : It consists of the chemical element iron in the oxidation state of 2 bonded to oxygen.
OUT: It contains iron in the form of FeO.

IN : Kelly Brianne Clarkson (born April 24, 1982) is an American pop rock singer-songwriter and actress.
OUT: Kelly Clarkson is an American pop rock singer-songwriter and actress (born April 24, 1982).

IN : In 2003 and 2004, it was an exclusive event for the Raw brand.
OUT: In 2003 and 2004, the Raw brand held exclusive events.

IN : `` Put all the ingredients, except the lemon-juice, into a stew-pan; set it over the fire, and keep continually stirring.
OUT: "Stir-fry all ingredients except lemon-juice in a pan over heat. Add lemon-juice and simmer for a few minutes once onions soften."

IN : At the 1935 rally, Hitler specifically ordered the Reichstag to convene at Nuremberg to pass the anti-Semitic Nuremberg Laws which revoked German citizenship for all Jews.
OUT: Hitter called for the Reichstag to meet at Nuremberg in 1935 to pass anti-Semitic laws, revoking German citizenship for Jews.

IN : Conversion kits and services are available to convert production model hybrid vehicles to plug-ins. Other plug-in vehicles ongoing demonstration trials or slated to the market for 2011 and 2012 are the Fisker Karma, Toyota Prius Plug-in Hybrid, Ford Escape Plug-in Hybrid, Volvo V70 Plug-in Hybrid, Suzuki Swift Plug-in and the Ford C-Max Energi.
OUT: Hybrid vehicles can be converted into plug-ins using available kits and services. Some plug-in vehicles, including the Fisker Kar

IN : But when incorporating research into an article, it is important that editors provide context for this point of view, by indicating how prevalent the position is, and whether it is held by a majority or minority.
OUT: A: When citing research in an article, editors should provide context, such as the prevalence and representation of the viewpoint.

IN : Code-named the "Atari 5100" (a.k.a. "Atari 5200 Jr.") , only a few fully working prototype Atari 5100s were made before the project was canceled.
OUT: The Atari 5100, or Atari 5200 Jr., was a prototype that underwent production before being canceled. Few functioning units were created.

IN : Officials ordered a mandatory evacuation for residents in shallow areas and in mobile homes for Jackson, Harrison, and Hancock counties.
OUT: Officials ordered evacuations for residents in shallow areas and mobile homes in Jackson, Harrison, and Hancock counties.

IN : Eros is one of the few NEAs with a maximum diameter greater than 10 km.
OUT: Eros is among the NEAs with a diameter over 10 km.

IN : A true predator can commonly be known as one which kills and eats another organism.
OUT: A predator is an organism that kills and eats another organism.

IN : For chemical compounds containing bromine.
OUT: Chemical compounds with bromine can be depicted by Lewis structures, which illustrate atom arrangements and bonding.

IN : In addition, the government-owned Hong Kong Mass Transit Railway Corporation (MTRC) was established to replace the Mass Transport Provisional Authority.
OUT: The government established the MTRC to replace the Mass Transport Provisional Authority.

IN : A total of 123 football clubs took part in the tournament (including its qualifying rounds) .
OUT: One hundred twenty-three football clubs participated in the tournament.

IN : Lensky becomes extremely jealous.
OUT: Lensky is jealous.

IN : magazine published a 10th anniversary commemorative piece on the album titled Screaming For Vengeance in which they called the album "Manson's finest hour... A decade on, there has still not been as eloquent and savage a musical attack on the (news) media and mainstream culture as Manson achieved with Holy Wood... (It is) still scathingly relevant today."
OUT: Magazine called Screaming For Vengeance Manson's finest hour, with Holy Wood being his most eloquent and savage attack on the media and mainstream culture, still relevant today.

IN : Calcium bromate, Ca (BrO3) 2, is a salt of bromic acid and lime.
OUT: Calcium bromate is a salt of bromic acid.

IN : The class was gradually taken out of service from the early 1980s.
OUT: The class was withdrawn from service from the early 1980s.

IN : McDiarmid Park is the home stadium of St. Johnstone Football Club from Perth, Scotland.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: McDiarmid Park is the home stadium of St. Johnstone Football Club from Perth, Scotland. McDiarmid Park is the home ground of St. Johnstone F.C. (Perth, Scotland)

IN : Austin was born in Tampa, Florida.
OUT: Austin was born in Tampa, Florida, but grew up and now lives in Austin, Texas.

IN : The name of the event was voted by fans via WWE's official website.
OUT: The event name was voted by fans on WWE's website.

IN : On the other hand, the Seattle Minute Men, many of whom were veterans of the Spanish-American War, branded her as unpatriotic.
OUT: The Seattle Minute Men, veterans of the Spanish-American War, labeled her unpatriotic.

IN : Kara debuted on March 29, 2007 with "Break It" on M!
OUT: Kara made her debut on M! Countdown with "Break It" on March 29, 2007.

IN : The Department of Defense created the DIA with the publication of Directive 5105.21, "Defense Intelligence Agency" on 1 August, effective 1 October 1961.
OUT: The Department of Defense established the DIA in 1961.

IN : In autumn 1887, a theater manager named Korsh commissioned Chekhov to write a play, the result being Ivanov, written in a fortnight and produced that November.
OUT: In autumn 1887, theater manager Korsh asked Chekhov to write a play, which he did in two weeks, and it was produced that November as Ivanov.

IN : Ledger attended Mary's Mount Primary School, in Gooseberry Hill, and later Guildford Grammar School, where he had his first acting experiences, starring in a school production as Peter Pan at age 10.
OUT: Ledger attended primary school in Gooseberry Hill and had his first acting experiences at Guildford Grammar School, where he starred as Peter Pan at age 10.

IN : This difference in symmetry becomes obvious if someone attempts to shake the right hand of a person using his left hand, or if a left-handed glove is placed on a right hand.
OUT: A person's asymmetry is evident when trying to shake hands with the opposite hand or wearing a glove designed for the other hand.

IN : As of October, 2008, Wikipedia's internal search became able to search on subpage trees.
OUT: Since October, 2008, Wikipedia's search engine has been able to search subpage trees.

IN : Masashi Tashiro is a former Japanese television performer and the founding member of the band Rats & Star who was born on August 31, 1956 in Karatsu, Saga Prefecture, Japan.
OUT: Masashi Tashiro is a Japanese musician born in Saga Prefecture on August 31, 1956. He was a television performer and founded Rats & Star.

IN : Soize is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Soize is a commune in northern France's Aisne department.

IN : Hurri is a state along with Mitanni of the more inclusive "Hurri lands," which many scholars locate in Armenia.
OUT: Hurri is one of the two states that make up the "Hurri lands," often identified as being in Armenia.

IN : At the time Blowfish was released, many other designs were proprietary, encumbered by patents or were commercial\/government secrets.
OUT: When Blowfish was introduced, most other encryption designs were protected by patents or kept secret.

IN : The destination server (the server that ultimately satisfies the web request) receives requests from the anonymizing proxy server, and thus does not receive information about the end user's address. However, the requests are not anonymous to the anonymizing proxy server, and so a degree of trust is present between the proxy server and the user.
OUT: The anonymizing proxy server forwards requests to the destination server while concealing the user's address. The proxy server is not anonymous to the user.

IN : He also built a manor at Wookey, near Wells.
OUT: He built a manor at Wookey, near Wells.

IN : Combative in his private life, he later became a heavy drinker and died of a heart attack after being mugged in Chicago in 1961.
OUT: In his private life, he became a heavy drinker and died of a heart attack after being mugged in Chicago in 1961.

IN : Cabinet officers are nominated by the President and then presented to the United States Senate for confirmation or rejection by a simple majority.
OUT: Cabinet officers are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate with a simple majority.

IN : Vertheuil is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: The commune of Vertheuil is in the Gironde department, which is part of the Aquitaine region in south-western France.

IN : In an unorthodox twist of fate, each player simply drew a buff of the opposite tribe color except Amber, with the net effect of having Amber forced into the old Mogo Mogo tribe under the Chapera name.
OUT: Amber joined the Chapera tribe instead of her own.

IN : In 610, Irish monks who were followers of Columban of Luxeuil settled in Arbon.
OUT: In 610, Columban monks founded a monastery in Arbon.

IN : Each cnidocyte cell contains an organelle called a cnidocyst (or nematocyst) , which comprises a bulb-shape capsule containing a coiled hollow thread-like structure attached to it.
OUT: Each cnidocyte cell has a cnidocyst, an organelle with a bulb and a coiled thread.

IN : Texas Tech's athletic teams are known as the Red Raiders with the exception of the women's basketball team, which is known as the Lady Raiders.
OUT: The Red Raiders represent Texas Tech's athletic teams, except for the women's basketball team, which goes by the name Lady Raiders.

IN : It was used as a summer-house, and seven counties could be seen, as now, from the top of the flagstaff tower.
OUT: The summer-house had a view of seven counties from its flagstaff tower.

IN : During Roman times, Bergli was probably a Roman fort.
OUT: Bergli was likely a Roman fort during Roman times.

IN : Tux Racer is a Free Software 3D computer game starring the Linux mascot, Tux the penguin.
OUT: Tux Racer is a free game featuring the Linux mascot, Tux the penguin.

IN : In captivity, several spider species are also known to feed on bananas, marmalade, milk, egg yolk and sausages.
OUT: Several spider species in captivity consume bananas, marmalade, milk, egg yolk, and sausages.

IN : In 2006 he was convicted of multiple federal felony charges relating to Enron's financial collapse, and is currently serving a 24-year, four-month prison sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution in Englewood, Colorado.
OUT: He's serving a 24-year, 4-month sentence in Colorado for multiple federal felony charges concerning Enron's financial collapse in 2006.

IN : Low-energy waves on the electromagnetic spectrum are generally not, including radio waves, microwave radiation, infrared radiation and visible light.
OUT: Radio waves, microwaves, infrared radiation, and visible light are higher-energy waves on the electromagnetic spectrum. Low-energy waves are excluded.

IN : In the past, Coldplay turned down multi-million dollar contracts from Gatorade, Diet Coke, and Gap, who wanted to use the songs "Yellow" , "Trouble" , and "Do n't Panic" respectively.
OUT: Coldplay declined offers worth millions from Gatorade, Diet Coke, and Gap for use of their songs "Yellow," "Trouble," and "Don't Panic."

IN : Gary Twigg (born 19 March 1984 in Glasgow) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays for Shamrock Rovers in the League of Ireland.
OUT: Gary Twigg is a Scottish footballer playing for Shamrock Rovers in the League of Ireland. (born 1984 in Glasgow)

IN : Many systems combine Metro with other types of transit.
OUT: Many systems integrate Metro with other transit types.

IN : Peggy Gail Fleming (born July 27, 1948) is an American figure skater.
OUT: Peggy Fleming is an American figure skater (born July 27, 1948).

IN : In the UK, lovage cordial was traditionally mixed with brandy in the ratio of 2:1 as a winter drink.
OUT: Lovage cordial and brandy were mixed in a 2:1 ratio for a winter drink in the UK.

IN : In 1952 the city became the seat of the Eilenburg District newly formed by the administrative reform in the GDR.
OUT: The city became the seat of the Eilenburg District in 1952, following the administrative reform in the GDR.

IN : Bridges of this type were suitable for use since the Inca people did not use wheeled transport - traffic was limited to pedestrians and livestock.
OUT: Bridges of this type were suitable for use as they only accommodated pedestrians and livestock. (The Inca people did not use wheeled transport.)

IN : The Kinsey scale attempts to describe a person's sexual history or episodes of their sexual activity at a given time.
OUT: A person's sexual history or current sexual activity can be described using the Kinsey scale.

IN : The combination of new weapons and tactics has caused many historians to consider this battle the beginning of the end of classic chivalry.
OUT: Many historians see this battle as the start of the end of classic chivalry due to the introduction of new weapons and tactics.

IN : Erbium is a chemical element in the lanthanide series, with the symbol Er and atomic number 68.
OUT: Erbium is a lanthanide with atomic number 68 and the symbol Er.

IN : Utah is known for its natural diversity and is home to features ranging from arid deserts with sand dunes to thriving pine forests in mountain valleys.
OUT: Utterly unique, Utah boasts diverse landscapes from arid deserts with sand dunes to lush pine forests in mountain valleys.

IN : The DFV won on its first outing, at the 1967 Dutch Grand Prix in the hands of Jim Clark, fitted to a Lotus 49, and from 1968 was available for purchase to any F1 team that wished it.
OUT: The DFV (a type of Formula One engine) won its first race at the 1967 Dutch Grand Prix, driven by Jim Clark using a Lotus 49. From 1968, the engine was available for purchase by any Formula One team.

IN : The Amateur Softball Association is the National Governing Body of Softball for the United States pursuant to the 1976 Amateur Sports Act. Due to the popularity of the sport, there are a multitude of governing bodies such as the United States Specialty Sports Association, International Softball Congress and the National Softball Association.
OUT: The Amateur Softball Association is the recognized governing body for softball in the United States by the US Olympic

IN : Euroa is roughly midway between Melbourne and Albury.
OUT: Euroa is halfway between Melbourne and Albury.

IN : (Note: This is the hamlet Argyle (not the Rural Municipality of Argyle which is located in Southern Manitoba, near Brandon.)
OUT: The hamlet of Argyle is located in Southern Manitoba, near Brandon.

IN : In many cultures the name for third molars, which are the last teeth to grow, is etymologically linked with wisdom, e.g. as in the English wisdom tooth.
OUT: The last teeth to grow are often called wisdom teeth due to their historical association with wisdom in various cultures.

IN : The Paralympic Games include athletes with physical disabilities, and are run in parallel with the Olympic Games, while the IOC recognized Special Olympics World Games include athletes with intellectual disabilities, and the Deaflympics include deaf athletes.
OUT: The Paralympics feature athletes with physical disabilities, while the Special Olympics and Deaflympics cater to athletes with intellectual and hearing disabilities, respectively. (IOC recognition not necessary for mention of Special Olympics World Games.)

IN : , Yoshi's Safari, Hotel Mario, Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga, where they played the role of minibosses, and New Super Mario Bros. .
OUT: In these games: Yoshi's Safari, Hotel Mario, Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga, and New Super Mario Bros., Yoshi and other characters appeared as minibosses.

IN : After you have edited for a while, and gained experience at a wide variety of Wikipedia responsibilities, you may wish to become an administrator.
OUT: If you gain experience editing Wikipedia, you can apply to become an administrator.

IN : As a result of this his father bought him his first go-kart as a Christmas present at the age of six.
OUT: His father bought him a go-kart for his first Christmas present when he was six years old.

IN : Most membrane proteins must be inserted in some way into the membrane.
OUT: Membrane proteins need to be inserted into the membrane.

IN : The point where the solar wind slows down is the termination shock; the point where the interstellar medium and solar wind pressures balance is called the heliopause; the point where the interstellar medium, traveling in the opposite direction, slows down as it collides with the heliosphere is the bow shock.
OUT: The solar wind slows down at the termination shock. The interstellar medium and solar wind pressures balance at the heliopause. The interstellar medium slows down as it collides with the heliosphere at the bow shock.

IN : Golant railway station was situated beside the river south of the village.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Golant railway station was situated beside the river south of the village. The simplified sentence is: The railway station in Golant was near the southern riverbank.

IN : A county council is the elected administrative body governing an area known as a county.
OUT: A county council is the governing body of a county.

IN : When the Allies' peace terms became known, Constantin Fehrenbach denounced them and claimed "the will to break the chains of slavery would be implanted" into a generation of Germans.
OUT: The will to resist the Allies' peace terms would be implanted in a generation of Germans, according to Constantin Fehrenbach.

IN : At the next meeting of the board, Dudley was voted unanimously to become the second President of the college.
OUT: At the next board meeting, Dudley was unanimously elected as the college's second president.

IN : Blackpool was the only town in the UK that retained its trams, and between 1962 and 1992 Blackpool had the only urban tramway in the UK.
OUT: From 1962 to 1992, Blackpool was the only UK town with a tramway.

IN : At the end of the track, Martin's pre-recorded applause sample segues into the final track of the album, "A Day in the Life" .
OUT: Marten's applause segues into "A Day in the Life" at the end of the track.

IN : From June 1917 until her death, she was styled Her Royal Highness Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone.
OUT: Her Royal Highness Princess Alice was styled as Countess of Athlone until her death (June 1917 - present).

IN : Ingmar grew up surrounded by religious imagery and discussion.
OUT: Ingmar grew up among religious symbols and talk.

IN : Tin combines directly with chlorine forming tin (IV) chloride, while reacting tin with hydrochloric acid in water gives tin (II) chloride and hydrogen gas. Several other compounds of tin exist in the +2 and +4 oxidation states, such as tin (II) sulfide and tin (IV) sulfide (Mosaic gold) .
OUT: Tin forms tin(IV) chloride by reacting directly with chlorine, while reacting with hydrochloric acid in water results in tin(II) chloride and hydrogen gas

IN : The thickness of the final sauce depends on the proportions of milk and flour.
OUT: The thickness of the sauce depends on the amount of flour in relation to milk.

IN : D'Anjou pears are often used in crafting various dishes.
OUT: D'Anjou pears are commonly used in cooking.

IN : They are generally found in a wide variety of landscapes; sclerophyll forest, (occasionally) rainforest, shrubland, and some more arid landscapes, though not in Australia's deserts.
OUT: They can be found in various landscapes, including sclerophyll forests, rainforests, shrublands, and some arid areas, but not in Australian deserts.

IN : Powell's City of Books is located in the Pearl District on the edge of downtown, and occupies a full city block, between NW 10th and 11th Avenues and between W. Burnside and NW Couch Streets.
OUT: The Pearl District is where Powell's City of Books is situated, downtown. The bookstore takes up an entire city block, bordered by NW 10th and 11th Avenues, and W. Burnside and NW Couch Streets.

IN : A weak agnostic would say, "I do n't know whether any deities exist or not, but maybe one day, when there is evidence, we can find something out."
OUT: An agnostic might say, "I don't know if gods exist." or "Gods' existence is uncertain to me." or "Perhaps there's evidence for gods someday."

IN : The Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that the total state product in 2008 was $ 248.6 billion.
OUT: The total state product in 2008 was $248.6 billion.

IN : This feature also allows the ability to easily purge the current page by simply clicking on the clock.
OUT: The feature enables you to purge the current page with a click on the clock.

IN : It had a long snout with large, sharp teeth and flat cheek teeth that may have been used to crush bones.
OUT: The animal had a long snout and large, sharp teeth for tearing flesh, possibly with flat cheek teeth for crushing bones.

IN : It tracked east-southeastward and organized, and on April 21 it transitioned into a tropical cyclone with peak winds of 60 mph (95 km\/h) .
OUT: The tropical cyclone formed east-southeastward and reached peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) on April 21.

IN : The Late Jurassic, however, is well represented in Africa, mainly thanks to the spectacular Tendaguru Formation.
OUT: The Late Jurassic is well represented in Africa, particularly by the Tendaguru Formation.

IN : The song is one of three Lennon solo songs, along with "Instant Karma!"
OUT: Three Lennon solo songs, including "Instant Karma!" and "Imagine," have sold over 1 million copies in the United States.

IN : As an extratropical storm, the remnants of Ana dropped 0.87 inches (22 mm) of precipitation in the city of Ponta Delgada in the Azores.
OUT: The remnants of Ana brought 0.87 inches (22 mm) of rain to Ponta Delgada in the Azores.

IN : The Brabham team was founded by Jack Brabham and Ron Tauranac, who met in 1951 while both were successfully building and racing cars in their native Australia.
OUT: Brabham and Tauranac founded the team in Australia in 1951.

IN : It was one of the four cities of the Syrian tetrapolis.
OUT: The four cities of Syrian tetrapolis were among them.

IN : The most spectacular planetary rings known are those around Saturn, but the other three gas giants of the solar system (Jupiter, Uranus and Neptune) possess ring systems of their own.
OUT: Saturn has the most notable planetary rings, while Jupiter, Uranus, and Neptune also have ring systems.

IN : One form of superior mirage, sometimes described as a Fata Morgana, distorts distant flat coastlines or ice edges both vertically and horizontally, so they can appear to have tall cliffs and other features such as high mountain peaks and valleys.
OUT: A Fata Morgana mirage can distort distant, flat coastlines or ice edges, making them appear as tall cliffs and featuring high peaks and valleys.

IN : The club have, in the past, stated that they have plans to increase the capacity of the stadium should the club win promotion back to the Premier League, with the increase in funds that entails financing the expansion.
OUT: If the club is promoted to the Premier League, they plan to expand the stadium.

IN : Many inter-promotional matches occurred after the Invasion between The Alliance and the WWF, leading up to the climax of the angle at Survivor Series, when Team WWF (The Rock, Chris Jericho, Big Show, The Undertaker, and Kane) defeated Team Alliance (Austin, Kurt Angle, Rob Van Dam, Booker T, and Shane McMahon) in a Winner-Take-All match.
OUT: After the Invasion, several inter-promotional matches took place, culminating in a Winner-Take-All match at Survivor Series, where Team W

IN : They are used almost exclusively in expensive sports cars and luxury cars and are sought after for their power, relatively vibration-free operation, and distinctive sound.
OUT: These engines are popular in high-end sports and luxury cars due to their power, smooth operation, and unique sound.

IN : Bartlet faces no known opposition for renomination, though Democratic Senator Stackhouse does launch a brief independent campaign for the presidency.
OUT: Bartlet faces no opposition for renomination, except for Senator Stackhouse's short-lived independent campaign for the presidency.

IN : Buchberg is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
OUT: Municipality Buchberg is located in canton Schaffhausen, Switzerland.

IN : It remained a city until 2001, when the province created a new (amalgamated) City of Ottawa that included the City of Kanata (pop.
OUT: The old City of Ottawa became part of the new City of Ottawa in 2001.

IN : Note the use of an underscore in place of the leading space in the suffix.
OUT: The suffix does not have a leading space.

IN : In April, they then return to the north through the west, once again crossing the Mara River.
OUT: In April, they head north through the west and cross the Mara River again.

IN : Therefore, CF is considered an autosomal recessive disease.
OUT: Therefore, CF is an autosomal recessive disease.

IN : Saint Patrick's feast day, as a kind of national day, was already being celebrated by the Irish in Europe in the ninth and tenth centuries. In later times he became more and more widely known as the patron of Ireland.
OUT: The Irish celebrated Saint Patrick's feast day as a national day in the ninth and tenth centuries. Later, he became widely known as Ireland's patron.

IN : Their 6th album, titled Threshold, was released on October 20, 2006 and it went directly to a number 1 position on the Swedish charts.
OUT: The sixth album, Threshold, reached the top of the Swedish charts upon its release on October 20, 2006.

IN : Chapter V: Unbent, Unbowed, Unbroken is the fifth studio album release by Swedish metal band HammerFall.
OUT: HammerFall's fifth album is called Chapter V: Unbent, Unbowed, Unbroken.

IN : The term is generally used when discussing any locomotive powered by an internal combustion engine.
OUT: The term applies to any locomotive with an internal combustion engine.

IN : Red Bull Racing was not the start of Red Bull's involvement in open-wheel racing. Setting up a Formula One team of its own meant that Red Bull had to end its long-term partnership with the Sauber Formula One team.
OUT: Red Bull had a partnership with Sauber in Formula One before starting its own team.

IN : When all the earth's fire begins to go out, Hercules and Deianeira must go in search for fire to stop the world from cold.
OUT: When the earth's fire dies out, Hercules and Deianeira must find fire to save the world from freezing.

IN : Australian envelopes and postcards often have four square boxes printed in orange at the bottom right for the postcode numbers.
OUT: Australian envelopes and postcards have orange boxes for postcodes at the bottom right.

IN : The Great Powers elaborated in detail the constitutional, legislative, executive, defense and law enforcement arrangements, cantonal administrative system, taxation, international supervision etc. for the proposed autonomous provinces.
OUT: The Great Powers outlined the constitutional, legislative, executive, defensive, law enforcement structures, cantonal administration system, taxation, and international oversight for the proposed autonomous provinces.

IN : Though lacking in originality, it is brilliantly written, and held the stage for many years.
OUT: The sentence is well-written and has been popular for a long time.

IN : She and Neptune parted from Surprize in heavy weather and arrived at Port Jackson on 28 June, 160 days out from England.
OUT: She and her ship, Neptune, left Surprize in bad weather and reached Port Jackson on June 28, 160 days after departing from England.

IN : Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives is a commune in Calvados, France.

IN : Cesena's industry centers on agriculture, handicrafts, and tourism.
OUT: The industry of Cesena focuses on agriculture, handicrafts, and tourism.

IN : Albany's Timber Linn Memorial Park house the 63rd Blue Star veterans memorial in the state of Oregon.
OUT: Albany's Timber Linn Memorial Park is home to Oregon's 63rd Blue Star veterans memorial.

IN : People who died in concentration camps are listed alongside those who were murdered by the National Socialists or those who chose suicide for political motives or to avoid being murdered.
OUT: Concentration camp victims, whether murdered by the Nazis or by suicide for political reasons, are listed together.

IN : The Helmholtz free energy is often denoted by the symbol F, but the use of A is preferred by IUPAC.
OUT: The Helmholtz free energy is typically denoted as F, while IUPAC prefers A.

IN : Meanwhile, Big Mama explains to Tod that his friendship with Copper can not continue, as they were bred to be enemies, but he refuses to believe her.
OUT: Meanwhile, Big Mama tells Tod that his friendship with Copper must end because they are bred to be enemies, but Tod disagrees.

IN : In the XIX century the cultural influence from Italy originated the creation in Zara of the first dalmatian newspaper, edited in Italian and Croat: Il Regio Dalmata - Kraglski Dalmatin.
OUT: In the 19th century, the first Dalmatian newspaper was established in Zara. It was edited in both Italian and Croatian: Il Regio Dalmata - Kraglski Dalmatin.

IN : HAL Laboratory, Inc. is a Japanese video game developer that was founded on February 21, 1980.
OUT: HAL Laboratory, Inc. was founded in Japan in 1980.

IN : The adjective form is used in English, to refer to people or works that are experimental or innovative, particularly with respect to art, culture, and politics.
OUT: The term refers to experimental or innovative people or works in art, culture, and politics.

IN : In the Immunity Challenge, Koror had an early lead, but Ulong made a slight comeback.
OUT: Koror led early in the Immunity Challenge, but Ulong caught up slightly.

IN : The Rhesus Macaque (Macaca mulatta) , also called the Rhesus Monkey, is one of the best known species of Old World monkeys.
OUT: The Rhesus Macaque, or Rhesus Monkey (Macaca mulatta), is a well-known Old World monkey species.

IN : In October 1991, Linux version 0.02 was released.
OUT: Linux version 0.02 was released in October 1991.

IN : Monchiet is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Monchiet is a commune in Pas-de-Calais, France.

IN : However, direct transmission from pigs to humans is rare, with only 12 recorded cases in the U.S. since 2005.
OUT: The sentence is already simplified.

IN : Wallace and the crew spent ten days in an open boat before being picked up by the brig Jordeson, which was sailing from Cuba to London.
OUT: The crew and Wallace spent ten days in an open boat before being rescued by the brig Jordeson, en route from Cuba to London.

IN : Wolverine is disgusted to learn that Xavier has kept Jean in check telepathically, but when Jean awakens, he realizes she is not the Jean Grey he knew.
OUT: Wolverine is dismayed to find Jean under Xavier's telepathic control, but the awakened Jean is not the Jean he knew.

IN : Andre Alexander Ramsey (born July 24, 1987 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a member of the Baltimore Ravens in the National Football League.
OUT: Andre Ramsey, born July 24, 1987 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, is an NFL offensive tackle for the Baltimore Ravens.

IN : In this Progressive mode, she was 30 years old when she returned to Seattle to live with her father, then pastor of Queen Anne Congregational Church.
OUT: She was 30 and lived with her father in Seattle, who was the pastor of Queen Anne Congregational Church at the time.

IN : The Alaska Marine Highway passes through the islands.
OUT: The Alaska Marine Highway travels through the islands.

IN : For the next season they announced a customer deal to receive Ferrari V10 engines while they worked with new sponsors Petronas to construct their own engines.
OUT: They announced a customer deal for Ferrari V10 engines during their collaboration with new sponsor Petronas to build their own engines.

IN : Persian limes are commercialized primarily in six sizes, known as 110's, 150's, 175's, 200's, 230's and 250's.
OUT: Persian limes come in six sizes: 110's, 150's, 175's, 200's, 230's, and 250's. (This sentence is already simplified as it is.)

IN : According to some estimates it is the second largest after the Mosque of Rome - with an area of 5.2 a, the mosque complex can accommodate up to 10,000 worshippers.
OUT: The mosque complex can accommodate up to 10,000 worshippers and, according to some estimates, is the second largest after the Mosque of Rome, with an area of 5.2 acres.

IN : Lu is married to Lian Hsiang, who is also a vajra master, and is referred as Grand Madam Lu.
OUT: Lu is married to Lian Hsiang, a vajra master, known as Grand Madam Lu.

IN : Although many erect penises point upwards, it is common and normal for the erect penis to point nearly vertically upwards or nearly vertically downwards or even horizontally straight forward, all depending on the tension of the suspensory ligament that holds it in position.
OUT: The normal range for an erect penis includes pointing upwards, downwards, or straight forward.

IN : French Island is the largest coastal island of Victoria, Australia, located in Western Port, 61 km southeast of Melbourne.
OUT: The largest coastal island of Victoria, Australia, is French Island, located in Western Port, 61 km southeast of Melbourne.

IN : The Pulitzer Prize for Fiction has been awarded for distinguished fiction by an American author, preferably dealing with American life.
OUT: The Pulitzer Prize honors distinguished American fiction.

IN : degree in Hydrobiology and Fisheries biology, and a Ph. D. degree in Zoology from the University of Port Harcourt.
OUT: A person holds degrees in Hydrobiology and Fisheries biology, and a Ph. D. in Zoology from the University of Port Harcourt.

IN : It was the world's tallest building for three years, until 1913, when it was surpassed by the Woolworth Building.
OUT: The building was the tallest until 1913, when it was surpassed.

IN : The symbol for Libra is the Scales. In Roman mythology, Libra is considered to depict the scales held by Astraea (identified as Virgo) , the goddess of justice.
OUT: The symbol for Libra is the scales.

IN : During his time in Cyprus, Mr. Perez de Cuellar married his current wife, the former Marcela Temple Seminario, with whom he has no children.
OUT: In Cyprus, Mr. Perez de Cuellar married his wife Marcela Temple Seminario, without having children together.

IN : Hurricane Katrina formed as Tropical Depression Twelve over the southeastern Bahamas on August 23, 2005 as the result of an interaction of a tropical wave and the remains of Tropical Depression Ten.
OUT: Hurricane Katrina formed in the southeastern Bahamas on August 23, 2005, due to a tropical wave and the remnants of another depression.

IN : Duval had broken off her relationship with her daughter Caroline, Evelina's mother, and has never acknowledged Evelina.
OUT: Duval ended her relationship with Caroline, Evelina's mother, and never acknowledged Evelina.

IN : The blast effect blows off the tank's track and damages the driving wheel.
OUT: The tank's track is blown off by the blast effect, damaging the driving wheel.

IN : The Continental Congress adopted the current design for the Great Seal of the United States including a Bald Eagle grasping thirteen arrows and a thirteen-leaf olive branch with its talons on June 20, 1782.
OUT: The Continental Congress adopted the Great Seal's design featuring a Bald Eagle holding thirteen arrows and an olive branch with thirteen leaves on June 20, 1782.

IN : The movement, which became known as the Mexican War of Independence, was led by Mexican-born Spaniards, Mestizos and Amerindians who sought independence from Spain.
OUT: The Mexican War of Independence was led by Mexicans seeking independence from Spain.

IN : The D'Arsonval \/ Weston form used today is constructed with a small pivoting coil of wire in the field of a permanent magnet.
OUT: A small pivoting coil is used in today's D'Arsonval/Weston galvanometer, which is in a permanent magnet's field.

IN : After the Conservative Party lost the 1945 election, he became Leader of the Opposition.
OUT: The Conservative Party lost the 1945 election. He became the Leader of the Opposition.

IN : Upon winning Idol, he was signed to Arista Records, under which his self-titled major label debut was released on December 12, 2006.
OUT: After winning American Idol, he was signed to Arista Records and released his major label debut, a self-titled album, on December 12, 2006.

IN : The China Blue High-Definition (CBHD) , a high-definition optical disc format, was originally based upon the HD DVD format.
OUT: China Blue High-Definition (CBHD) is based on the HD DVD format.

IN : The gardens were supposedly built by the Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar II around 600 BC.
OUT: The gardens were built by Nebuchadnezzar II around 600 BC.

IN : The Museo Teatrale alla Scala (La Scala Theatre Museum) , accessible from the theater's foyer and a part of the house, contains an extraordinary collection of paintings, drafts, statues, costumes, and other documents regarding opera and La Scala's history.
OUT: The museum at La Scala, located in the theater's foyer, holds an exceptional collection of opera-related paintings, drafts, statues, costumes, and historical documents.

IN : It is situated in Kashmir Valley and lies on the banks of the Jhelum River, a tributary of the Indus.
OUT: The city Srinagar, in Kashmir Valley, lies on the Jhelum River's banks. Renowned for its gardens and houseboats.

IN : Saint-Denis-d ` Anjou is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.
OUT: Saint-Denis-d'Anjou is a commune in Mayenne, France.

IN : Snowball V, renamed "Snowball II" , is the Simpsons' fifth cat and is almost identical in appearance to Snowball II.
OUT: Snowball V, now called Snowball II, looks just like the Simpsons' fourth cat.

IN : An ell-wand or ellwand was a rod of length one ell used for official measurement.
OUT: A rod called an ell wand or ellwand was used for official measurement, one ell in length.

IN : Dozwil is a municipality in the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
OUT: Dozwil is a Swiss municipality in the district of Arbon, canton of Thurgau.

IN : The Flesh-footed Shearwater, Puffinus carneipes, is a small shearwater.
OUT: A small shearwater is the Flesh-footed Shearwater (Puffinus carneipes).

IN : During that period, part of its Slavic population was italianised.
OUT: A part of its Slavic population was italianized during that period.

IN : About 16.0 % of families and 20.3 % of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.0 % of those under age 18 and 17.6 % of those age 65 or over.
OUT: The poverty rate was 16.0% for families and 20.3% for the population. About 26.0% of those under 18 and 17.6% of those 65 or older were below the poverty line.

IN : Loud is the fifth studio album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, released November 12, 2010 on Def Jam Recordings.
OUT: The fifth album by Rihanna, released November 12, 2010 on Def Jam Recordings, is called Loud.

IN : 2047 (MMXLVII) will be a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar.
OUT: The year 2047 is a common year.

IN : It was directed by Robert Zemeckis, written by Zemeckis and Bob Gale, produced by Steven Spielberg, and starred Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover and Thomas F. Wilson.
OUT: The movie was directed by Robert Zemeckis, written by Zemeckis and Bob Gale, produced by Steven Spielberg, and featured Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover, and Thomas F. Wilson.

IN : The 1983 event was hosted by England for a third consecutive time.
OUT: England hosted the 1983 event for a third time.

IN : Despite the fact that rubidium hydroxide is rarely used in normal industrial processes, it is notable that the synthesis of nearly all rubidium compounds involves rubidium hydroxide as an intermediate.
OUT: The synthesis of nearly all rubidium compounds involves rubidium hydroxide.

IN : James Henry Hammond (November 15, 1807 - November 13, 1864) was a politician from South Carolina.
OUT: James Hammond was a South Carolina politician (1807-1864)

IN : Its range for precision fire, single target is 150 meters; and for area coverage, with fragmentation munitions, is 350 meters.
OUT: The range for precision fire is 150 meters, and for area coverage with fragmentation munitions, it is 350 meters.

IN : Cockfosters is a London Underground station on the Piccadilly Line for which it is the northern terminus.
OUT: Cockfosters is the northernmost London Underground station on the Piccadilly Line.

IN : After McGraw's success with his segments on The Oprah Winfrey Show, Dr. Phil debuted on September 16, 2002.
OUT: Dr. Phil debuted on September 16, 2002, following McGraw's successful segments on The Oprah Winfrey Show.

IN : Burtt is credited with naming the scream after Private Wilhelm (see The Charge at Feather River) .
OUT: Burtt named the scream after Private Wilhelm.

IN : Trials by ordeal became rarer over the Late Middle Ages, often replaced by confessions extracted under torture, but the practice was discontinued only in the 16th century.
OUT: Trials by ordeal declined during the Late Middle Ages, replaced by confessions obtained under torture. This practice ended in the 16th century.

IN : It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 as a well-preserved and cohesively built area of historic buildings.
OUT: The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

IN : Before the first Linux distributions, a would-be Linux user was required to be something of a Unix expert, needing to know not only what libraries and executables were required to successfully get the system to boot and run, but also important details concerning configuration and placement of files in the system.
OUT: A would-be Linux user in the past had to possess a good understanding of Unix to use Linux, as they were responsible for identifying and installing necessary libraries and executables, as well as handling configuration and file placement.

IN : Pohjola graduated from Berklee with honors and several prizes in 1994.
OUT: Pohjola graduated from Berklee with honors and several prizes in 1994. (This sentence is already quite simple, so there's not much to simplify further.)

IN : Since 1938, the chapel of the Royal Victorian Order has been the Queen's Chapel of the Savoy, in central London, England. However, the population of the order has grown to the point that the Savoy chapel can no longer accommodate the gathering of members held every four years, and St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle is now employed for the event.
OUT: The Queen's Chapel of the Savoy in London, England, is no longer large enough to accommodate the members of the Royal Victorian Order for their gatherings every four years. These events now take place at St. George's Chapel

IN : The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
OUT: The company had more Canadian outlets and higher system-wide sales than McDonald's by 2002.

IN : Other Christian groups with smaller followings in the country include the Africa Inland Church, the Armenian Apostolic Church, the Sudan Church of Christ, the Sudan Interior Church, Jehovah's Witnesses, the Sudan Pentecostal Church, the Sudan Evangelical Presbyterian Church (in the North) , and the Seventh-day Adventist Church of Sudan.
OUT: Smaller Christian groups in the country are the Africa Inland Church, the Armenian Apostolic Church, Sudan Church of Christ, Sudan Interior Church, Jehovah's Witnesses, Sudan Pent

IN : People often saved money in kitchen pots and jars made of pygg, called "pygg jars" . By the 18th century, the spelling of "pygg" had changed and the term "pygg jar" had evolved to "pig bank."
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: People often saved money in kitchen pots and jars made of pygg, called "pygg jars" . By the 18th century, the spelling of "pygg" had changed and the term "pygg jar" had evolved to "pig bank." So, people often saved money in jars called "pig banks" during the 18th century.

IN : The construction of the life-table for Breslau, which followed more primitive work by John Graunt, is now seen as a major event in the history of demography.
OUT: The major event in demography history is the construction of the life-table for Breslau, following earlier primitive work by John Graunt.

IN : The song was written by Ryan Ross.
OUT: The sentence is already simplified.

IN : The brothers graduated from Tisch School of the Arts in 1995.
OUT: The brothers graduated from Tisch School of the Arts in 1995. (This sentence is already simplified.)

IN : While at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
OUT: At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.

IN : Gianni Rodari (23 October 1920 - 14 April 1980) was an Italian writer and journalist, most famous for his books for children.
OUT: Gianni Rodari was an Italian writer and children's book author.

IN : It is one of 18 British railway stations managed by Network Rail, and is the southern terminus of the West Coast Main Line.
OUT: The southern terminus of the West Coast Main Line is one of 18 British railway stations managed by Network Rail.

IN : A common example is, in English, "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog's back" which includes an apostrophe by adding "dog's back" to the phrase.
OUT: A common example in English is "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog's back," which includes an apostrophe in 'dog's back'.

IN : The country is a tropical, maritime nation. Conditions are ameliorated in many areas by elevation and by the northeast trade winds, which blow steadily from the Atlantic all year long.
OUT: The country is a tropical nation with northeast trade winds.

IN : It is threatened by habitat loss.
OUT: Habitat loss endangers it.

IN : All others are optional, though some have guidelines you should follow to achieve the best, most consistent appearance.
OUT: Some have guidelines for the best appearance.

IN : Mary died at Westhorpe Hall, Westhorpe, Suffolk on 25 June 1533, and was initially buried at the abbey at Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk.
OUT: Mary died at Westhorpe Hall on 25 June 1533 and was initially buried at Bury St Edmunds.

IN : With the release of Sense and Sensibility (1811) , Pride and Prejudice (1813) , Mansfield Park (1814) and Emma (1815) , she achieved success as a published writer.
OUT: With the publication of Sense and Sensibility (1811), Pride and Prejudice (1813), Mansfield Park (1814), and Emma (1815), she found success as a writer.

IN : There is a strong sexual dimorphism present in the morphological beings revealing a primitive trait (less present in more modern humans in Europe (ie.
OUT: A sexual dimorphism is evident in primitive beings, with less pronounced features in more modern humans in Europe. (Brain size is smaller, bodies are larger.)

IN : For every 100 females there were 135.00 males.
OUT: There were 1.35 males for every female.

IN : It, along with the film, features more Elvis Presley singles than any of Elvis' own feature films.
OUT: 2. The sentence "It, along with the film, features more Elvis Presley singles than any of Elvis' own feature films" means the same thing as the two simplified sentences above.

IN : Missionaries also had a big influence on the Aboriginal people of the Alligator Rivers region, many of whom lived and were schooled at missions in their youth.
OUT: Missionaries significantly impacted the lives of many Aboriginal people in the Alligator Rivers region during their childhood.

IN : The introduction of Christianity did not immediately end Viking voyages, but it may have been a contributing factor to bringing the Viking Age to an end.
OUT: The introduction of Christianity may have contributed to the end of the Viking Age.

IN : Ladakh, also known as "Little Tibet" , is renowned for its remote mountain beauty and Buddhist culture.
OUT: Ladakh is famous for its mountain beauty and Buddhist culture.

IN : After completing kindergarten, or pre-school years, children will then have to go through 6 years compulsory of primary education, from ages 7 to 12.
OUT: Children need to attend primary school for 6 years, starting at age 7.

IN : Like Jane's Addiction, many of the most popular early 1990s groups with roots in heavy metal fall under the umbrella term "alternative metal." Bands in Seattle's grunge scene such as Soundgarden, credited as making a "place for heavy metal in alternative rock" , and Alice in Chains were at the center of the alternative metal movement.
OUT: Many 1990s alternative metal bands, including those from Seattle's grunge scene like Soundgarden and Alice in Chains, have roots in heavy metal.

IN : It was released in 1996 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It was ported by Nintendo with minor differences to the Nintendo Wii Virtual Console in 2008.
OUT: The game was first released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1996. Later, Nintendo ported it to the Wii Virtual Console in 2008 with minor differences.

IN : Los Angeles Aztecs was a soccer team that competed in the North American Soccer League from 1974-81.
OUT: The Los Angeles Aztecs were a soccer team that competed in the North American Soccer League from 1974 to 1981.

IN : Many notable landmark buildings were significantly damaged or destroyed, including the Presidential Palace, the National Assembly building, the Port-au-Prince Cathedral, and the main jail.
OUT: The following notable buildings were damaged or destroyed: the Presidential Palace, the National Assembly, the Port-au-Prince Cathedral, and the main jail.

IN : Geographically, the Basseterre port is located at, on the south western coast of Saint Kitts Island, and it is one of the chief commercial depots of the Leeward Islands.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Geographically, the Basseterre port is located at, on the south western coast of Saint Kitts Island, and it is one of the chief commercial depots of the Leeward Islands. The Basseterre port is on Saint Kitts Island's south western coast and is a major commercial hub in the Leeward Islands.

IN : Fieulaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Fieulaine is a commune in northern France's Picardy region, in the Aisne department.

IN : She owned the Toll House Inn, in Whitman, Massachusetts, a very popular restaurant that featured home cooking in the 1930s.
OUT: The Toll House Inn in Whitman, Massachusetts, was owned by her and known for its home cooking in the 1930s.

IN : Noxious animals usually have thick, leathery cuticles through which, at certain points, they extrude noxious fluids when pecked; they will often survive a ` trial' .
OUT: Noxious animals have thick, leathery skin that secretes noxious fluids when threatened, allowing them to survive attacks.

IN : A survey conducted in 2005 reported that there were 13 wolf packs, totaling 118 individuals in Yellowstone and 326 in the entire ecosystem.
OUT: The survey reported 13 packs with 118 individuals in Yellowstone and 326 in total.

IN : In 1998, she contributed back-up vocals for the Refugee Camp's "It's Too Late" , a Carroll King cover.
OUT: In 1998, she sang backup for Carroll King's "It's Too Late." (The Refugee Camp is a group, so there's no need to mention them as the performers of the cover.)

IN : While plants are generally a good source of vitamin C, the amount in foods of plant origin depends on the precise variety of the plant, soil condition, climate where it grew, length of time since it was picked, storage conditions, and method of preparation.
OUT: The amount of vitamin C in plant-based foods can vary depending on the plant variety, growing conditions, and preparation methods.

IN : In 1863, Grieg went to Copenhagen, Denmark, and stayed there for three years.
OUT: Grieg lived in Copenhagen from 1863 to 1866.

IN : In a political upset, Childers was elected the fourth President of Ireland on 30 May 1973, defeating Tom O'Higgins by 635,867 votes to 578,771.
OUT: Childers was elected Ireland's president in May 1973, winning against O'Higgins.

IN : The Namtap or Spectacled Dormouse (Graphiurus ocularis) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family, and one of four Dormouse species endemic to South Africa.
OUT: The Namtap Dormouse (Graphiurus ocularis) is a South African rodent species.

IN : Alchemy used to be common among highly important seventeenth-century scientists, such as Isaac Newton and Gottfried Leibniz.
OUT: Highly important seventeenth-century scientists, including Isaac Newton and Gottfried Leibniz, practiced alchemy.

IN : ; Desktop software Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Fireworks, and Adobe Soundbooth; Server software Adobe ColdFusion, Adobe Content Server and Adobe LiveCycle Enterprise Suite; Formats Portable Document Format (PDF) , PDF's predecessor PostScript, ActionScript, Shockwave Flash (SWF) and Flash Video (FLV) ; Web-hosted services Adobe Kuler, Photoshop Express, and Acrobat.com; Web design programs Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Contribute and Adobe Flash; Video editing and visual effects Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe After Effects; eLearning software Adobe Captivate
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: ; Desktop software Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Fireworks, and Adobe Soundbooth; Server software Adobe ColdFusion, Adobe Content Server and Adobe LiveCycle Enterprise Suite; Formats Portable Document Format (PDF) , PDF's predecessor PostScript, ActionScript, Shockwave Flash (SWF) and Flash Video (FLV) ; Web-hosted services Adobe Kuler, Photoshop Express, and Acrobat.com; Web design programs Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Contribute and Adobe Flash; Video editing and visual effects Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe After Effects; eLearning software Adobe Captivate and

IN : This was the beginning of an extraordinarly productive portion of his life; while in the service of Duke Ercole II d'Este he wrote masses, motets, chansons, and of course madrigals, many of which were topical, some involving matters concerning the court itself.
OUT: This was a productive time in his life while serving Duke Ercole II d'Este. He composed masses, motets, chansons, and madrigals during this period. Some of his works were topical and related to court matters.

IN : It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 26, 1991.
OUT: It aired on Fox on September 26, 1991.

IN : 165659 Michaelhicks is named after Michael D. Hicks, a scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, who specializes in spectroscopy and photometry of minor planets.
OUT: Michael Hicks, a scientist at JPL, specializes in spectroscopy and photometry of minor planets. He is named 165659 after this discovery.

IN : Such globes map the constellations on the outside of a sphere, resulting in a mirror image of the constellations as seen from Earth.
OUT: The constellations are mapped on the outside of a sphere in such globes, creating a reflection of their appearance from Earth.

IN : William H. Prescott was born in Salem, Massachusetts on May 4, 1796, the first of seven children, although four of his siblings died in infancy.
OUT: William H. Prescott was born in Salem, Massachusetts, in 1796.

IN : There are three forms of teeth, coniform cones, ramiform bars, and pectiniform platforms, which may have performed different roles.
OUT: Three types of teeth exist: coniform cones, ramiform bars, and pectiniform platforms, each potentially serving distinct functions.

IN : The company also hosts an annual holiday book drive to collect books for disadvantaged children.
OUT: The company holds an annual book drive for disadvantaged children during the holidays.

IN : In 1964 he received the Polish State Award of the First Degree, and in the same year he was a signatory to the "List of 34" scholars and writers in defense of freedom of speech.
OUT: In 1964, he received the Polish State Award of the First Degree and signed the "List of 34" in support of free speech.

IN : The Oort cloud is thought to comprise two separate regions: a spherical outer Oort cloud and a disc-shaped inner Oort cloud, or Hills cloud. Objects in the Oort cloud are largely composed of ices, such as water, ammonia, and methane.
OUT: The Oort cloud consists of two regions: an outer spherical part and an inner disc-shaped one, also known as the Hills cloud. Its components are primarily icy, including water, ammonia, and methane.

IN : The enraged monk sought help of the Saka ruler, a "Sahi" , in Sakasthana. Despite heavy odds (but aided by miracles) the Saka king defeated Gardabhilla and made him a captive.
OUT: The monk sought help from the Saka ruler, a Sahi, in Sakasthana. Against heavy odds (but with miracles), the Saka king defeated Gardabhilla and made him a capt

IN : Steve Black played five years for the Port Arthur Flyers of the TBJHL making two trips to the Memorial Cup Tournament before joining the PCHL.
OUT: Steve Black played in the TBJHL for five years with the Port Arthur Flyers, reaching the Memorial Cup twice.

IN : In 1961, Honecker, as the Central Committee secretary for security matters, was in charge of the building of the Berlin Wall.
OUT: In 1961, Honecker oversaw the construction of the Berlin Wall as the Central Committee's security chief.

IN : It is the spiritual sequel to Osu!
OUT: The spiritual successor to Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan, released in 2005 for the Nintendo DS, is this game.

IN : Celestia is available for Linux, Mac OS X, and Microsoft Windows.
OUT: Celestia can be used on Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows.

IN : John Michael Wright, who at the height of his career would interchangeably sign himself "Anglus" or "Scotus" , is of uncertain origin.
OUT: John Wright, known as Anglus or Scotus, is of uncertain origin.

IN : Epidemiologists rely on a number of other scientific disciplines such as biology (to better understand disease processes) , biostatistics (the current raw information available) and social science disciplines (to better understand proximate and distal risk factors) .
OUT: Epidemiologists use various scientific disciplines, including biology, biostatistics, and social sciences, to understand disease processes, analyze data, and identify risk factors.

IN : The Jonas Brothers are an American pop boy band.
OUT: The Jonas Brothers are an American pop band.

IN : A Tobin tax, suggested by Nobel Laureate economist James Tobin, was originally defined as a tax on all spot conversions of one currency into another. The tax is intended to put a penalty on short-term financial round-trip excursions into another currency.
OUT: Nobel Laureate economist James Tobin proposed a tax on converting one currency to another to discourage short-term financial transactions.

IN : Moraines can be classified either by their origin or shape. The first approach is suitable for moraines associated to contemporary glaciers but more difficult to apply to old moraines whose glaciers have disappeared long ago.
OUT: Moraines can be classified by their origin or shape. The origin method applies to contemporary moraines, while the shape method can be used for all moraines.

IN : Although the union was arranged for political reasons, Charles Emmanuel and his wife became devoted to each other.
OUT: Despite the political reasons for their union, Charles Emmanuel and his wife fell in love.

IN : 00P features events that happened before the main story.
OUT: 00P includes prequel events.

IN : The franchise, which began 11 November 2007, was formed through the amalgamation of the former Midland Mainline, which operated inter-city services from London to Yorkshire, and the eastern side of Central Trains operating companies.
OUT: The franchise, started 11 November 2007, resulted from the merger of Midland Mainline (London to Yorkshire inter-city services) and the eastern part of Central Trains.

IN : The following countries are full members, in the process of becoming full members, associate members or observers.
OUT: The European Union includes the following countries: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany

IN : Juvincourt-et-Damary is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: The commune of Juvincourt-et-Damary is located in the Aisne department, in the region of Picardy, in northern France.

IN : While in live theater the difference became less and less significant, in mass media, comedy and drama were clearly divided.
OUT: In live theater, the difference between comedy and drama became less noticeable, but in mass media, they remained distinct.

IN : Commodus was also known for fighting exotic animals in the arena, often to the horror of the Roman people.
OUT: Commodus fought exotic animals in the arena, disturbing Romans.

IN : Dmitry Jakovenko (born 1983) is a Russian chess grandmaster.
OUT: Dmitry Jakovenko is a Russian chess grandmaster.

IN : It includes Spinosaurus, Carcharodontosaurus, Rugops, Bahariasaurus, Deltadromeus, Paralititan, Aegyptosaurus, and Ouranosaurus.
OUT: These are the names of various dinosaur species.

IN : In the game bonus points are awarded for the murder of these mostly prostituted and partially nude women.
OUT: Bonus points are given for killing prostitutes, some of whom are naked.

IN : The spatial region within which we can affect and be affected is denoted as the observable universe.
OUT: The observable universe is the region where we can have an impact and be impacted.

IN : Aristotelian propositions take forms like "All men are mortal" and "Socrates is a man."
OUT: Aristotelian propositions have the form "All X are Y" or "X is Y," where X and Y are categories.

IN : Sukkur City Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Sukkur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Sukkur is the capital.
OUT: The administrative subdivision of Sukkur District, named Sukkur City Taluka, is located in the Sindh province of Pakistan. Sukkur city serves as its capital.

IN : Each player uses a racket that is strung to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over a net into the opponent's court. Tennis is an Olympic sport and is played at all levels of society at all ages.
OUT: Players hit a felt-covered ball over a net using rackets in tennis, an Olympic sport for all ages and skill levels.

IN : She attended the University of California at Santa Barbara.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: She attended the University of California at Santa Barbara. She went to UCSB.

IN : The campus' office of public affairs recognizes two official names for the university: "California State Polytechnic University, Pomona" and "Cal Poly Pomona" . However, "Cal Poly" has also been used to refer to Cal Poly Pomona, as both itself and California Polytechnic State University at San Luis Obispo, California were one institution spanning two locations from 1938 to 1966.
OUT: The university is known by two official names: California State Polytechnic University, Pomona and Cal Poly Pomona. The term "Cal Poly" also refers to the university due to its history as a single

IN : The novel first appeared as a two-part series in Rolling Stone magazine in 1971, was printed as a book in 1972, and was later adapted into a film of the same name in 1998 starring Johnny Depp and Benicio del Toro.
OUT: The novel, first published in Rolling Stone magazine in 1971 as a two-part series, was later turned into a book in 1972. It was eventually adapted into a film in 1998, starring Johnny Depp and Benicio del Toro.

IN : He shortly afterward joined the Manhattan Project in the United States, which developed the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: He shortly afterward joined the Manhattan Project in the United States, which developed the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. He joined the Manhattan Project after a short time.

IN : Aris Thessaloniki Football Club is a Greek football club based in the city of Thessaloniki.
OUT: Thessaloniki-based Aris is a Greek football club.

IN : Manson noted of the latter song that'' (it) is far more depressing than anything I could have ever written. ''
OUT: Manson found the latter song more depressing than anything he had written.

IN : Sex reinforces intimate social bonds between individuals to form larger social structures.
OUT: Sex strengthens relationships and forms larger social groups.

IN : For the most part the Australopithecus species A. afarensis, A. africanus, and A. anamensis either disappeared from the fossil record before the appearance of early humans or seem to have been the ancestors of Homo habilis, yet P. boisei and P. aethiopicus continued to evolve along a separate path distinct and unrelated to early humans.
OUT: The Australopithecus species A. afarensis, A. africanus, and A. anamensis either went extinct before early humans appeared or are their ancestors, while P. boisei

IN : Hercules saves her from being sacrificed, while unknowingly being watched by a mysterious robed figure.
OUT: Hercules saves her from sacrifice. A mysterious figure watches.

IN : In 1961 he won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Black Hawks, with whom he played his entire career.
OUT: He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Black Hawks in 1961.

IN : Along the Murray to the south, the Riverina borders the state of Victoria.
OUT: The Riverina borders Victoria along the Murray to the south.

IN : For chemical compounds containing bismuth.
OUT: Compounds with bismuth have higher melting points than those without.

IN : FNMTV (officially Feedback New MTV; informally Friday Night MTV) was a music video program on MTV focused on premiering new music videos and airing viewers' instantaneous feedback from its website.
OUT: MTV's Friday Night program showcased new music videos and viewer feedback.

IN : Caesar says of him, "Yon Cassius has a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much: such men are dangerous."
OUT: Caesar warns about Cassius, "He's too thoughtful; such men are dangerous."

IN : Gary Doherty (born 31 January 1980, County Donegal, Republic of Ireland) is a footballer who plays for Charlton Athletic.
OUT: Gary Doherty is a footballer for Charlton Athletic, born in County Donegal, Republic of Ireland (31 January 1980).

IN : The X-37 was originally designed to be carried into orbit in the Space Shuttle cargo bay, but underwent redesign for launch on a Delta IV or comparable rocket after it was determined that a shuttle flight would be uneconomical.
OUT: The X-37 was originally meant to ride in a Space Shuttle's cargo bay, but was later redesigned for launch on a Delta IV rocket due to economic reasons.

IN : Aynishan Quliyeva born in 1992 in Baku, Azerbaijan, is a singer and daughter of famous Azeri singer Aybeniz Hasimova.
OUT: Aynishan Quliyeva, born in Baku, Azerbaijan in 1992, is a singer and Aybeniz Hasimova's daughter.

IN : She was hired as a dancer rather than a singer, because the company also included the notable singer Ma Rainey.
OUT: She was hired as a dancer instead of a singer.

IN : Dance Flick is a 2009 American comedy directed by Damien Dante Wayans, written by his uncles, the Wayans Brothers, and starring Damon Wayans, Jr. , and Shoshana Bush. The film is a spoof of the popular dance film genre.
OUT: Dance Flick is a 2009 American comedy directed by Damien Dante Wayans, written by the Wayans Brothers, and starring Damon Wayans, Jr. and Shoshana Bush, making fun of dance films.

IN : That bikini, a string bikini with a g-string back of 30 s of cloth with newspaper type printed across, was introduced on July 5 at Piscine Molitor, a public pool in Paris.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: That bikini, a string bikini with a g-string back of 30 s of cloth with newspaper type printed across, was introduced on July 5 at Piscine Molitor, a public pool in Paris. The simplified sentence is: A g-string bikini with a 30-second-long newspaper print back was introduced at Piscine Molitor on July 5.

IN : A community named Cornishtown existed about a mile to the West of Adelong till the 1940s.
OUT: The community of Cornishtown was located about a mile to the west of Adelong until the 1940s.

IN : The PlayStation Store is an online virtual market available to users of Sony's PlayStation 3 (PS3) and PlayStation Portable (PSP) game consoles via the PlayStation Network.
OUT: The PlayStation Store is an online market accessible through the PlayStation Network for PS3 and PSP users.

IN : They have been warned many times.
OUT: They've been warned multiple times.

IN : The Lookouts were an American punk rock band that existed from 1985 to 2010 on Iron Peak, a remote rural mountain community outside of Laytonville, CA.
OUT: The Lookouts were a punk rock band in Laytonville, CA, from 1985 to 2010.

IN : In fall 2006, Tim Hortons began rolling out a breakfast sandwich.
OUT: The breakfast sandwich was introduced by Tim Hortons in fall 2006.

IN : This is a list of the tallest buildings in Adelaide, South Australia.
OUT: The tallest buildings in Adelaide, South Australia.

IN : Several of the members of the band left at this point.
OUT: Some band members left at this point.

IN : Benn played his junior hockey with the Kelowna Rockets of the Western Hockey League (WHL) prior to turning professional.
OUT: Before turning pro, Benn played junior hockey for the Kelowna Rockets in the WHL.

IN : The Kam Dwarf Hamster (Cricetulus kamensis) is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family.
OUT: The Kam Dwarf Hamster is a species in the Cricetidae family.

IN : Several years before Angel debuted, Joss Whedon developed the concept behind Buffy the Vampire Slayer to invert the Hollywood formula of "the little blonde girl who goes into a dark alley and gets killed in every horror movie."
OUT: Before Angel, Joss Whedon created Buffy the Vampire Slayer to challenge the horror movie trope of the helpless blonde victim.

IN : Echo Lake is the park's small oval-shaped lagoon, which was designed to form one of the ears in the enormous Hidden Mickey from the park's original layout.
OUT: Echo Lake is a small oval-shaped lagoon in the park, part of an original Hidden Mickey design.

IN : 48 hours after becoming a tropical depression, Tropical Depression One-E becomes Tropical Storm Agatha, the first storm of the season.
OUT: The first storm of the season, Tropical Storm Agatha, forms 48 hours after Tropical Depression One-E.

IN : It winds through the Hungol valley between high cliffs.
OUT: The Hungol valley's river flows between high cliffs.

IN : Shaw had become more difficult to work with also.
OUT: Shaw grew harder to work with.

IN : Michael Trent Reznor (born May 17, 1965) is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, composer, and producer.
OUT: Michael Reznor, born May 17, 1965, is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, composer, and producer, best known as the founder and lead musician of industrial rock project Nine Inch Nails.

IN : Ben Folds Five was an alternative rock trio formed in 1993 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
OUT: Ben Folds Five was a Chapel Hill, North Carolina-based alternative rock trio, formed in 1993.

IN : The 2020s or "twenty twenties" is the decade that will begin on January 1, 2020 and will end on December 31, 2029.
OUT: The 2020s is the coming decade, lasting from 2020 to 2029.

IN : Broken Arrow is a city located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma, primarily in Tulsa County but also with a small section of the city in western Wagoner County.
OUT: The city of Broken Arrow is in northeastern Oklahoma, mainly in Tulsa County and partially in Wagoner County.

IN : The reporter quoted him as saying "I do n't regret setting bombs" and "I feel we did n't do enough" , and, when asked if he would "do it all again," as saying "I do n't want to discount the possibility."
OUT: The reporter quoted him as saying "I don't regret setting bombs" and "I feel we didn't do enough"; when asked if he would "do it all again," he didn't discount the possibility.

IN : This was a League Cup tie against Rangers in March 1947, when despite snow rendering Tannadice Park unplayable, the match was able to go ahead across the road at Dens Park.
OUT: The match took place at Dens Park in March 1947, despite Tannadice Park being unplayable due to snow.

IN : It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
OUT: This can be found in Bolivia and Peru. Or: It exists in Bolivia and Peru.

IN : Representatives of the governments of Armenia and Azerbaijan have since been holding peace talks mediated by the OSCE Minsk Group.
OUT: The representatives of the Armenian and Azerbaijani governments have been holding peace talks, mediated by the OSCE Minsk Group.

IN : In view of Hannibal's great popularity, the Carthaginian government did not repudiate Hannibal's actions, and the war he sought was declared at the end of the year.
OUT: The Carthaginian government didn't reject Hannibal's actions, declaring war at year's end instead.

IN : The mind-body problem concerns the explanation of the relationship that exists between minds, or mental processes, and bodily states or processes.
OUT: The mind-body problem is about explaining the connection between mental processes and bodily states.

IN : This is the sense of the word in such phrases as Roman Catholic ecclesiology, Lutheran ecclesiology, and ecumenical ecclesiology.
OUT: The word has this meaning in Roman Catholic, Lutheran, and ecumenical theology.

IN : Some estimate that about 2000 years ago the Bantu people spread southwards and eastwards, introducing agriculture and iron working and colonizing much of the continent in the Bantu expansion.
OUT: The Bantu people spread southwards and eastwards about 2000 years ago, introducing agriculture and iron working, and colonizing much of the continent during the Bantu expansion.

IN : It is an adaptation of Robert C. O'Brien's 1971 children's novel Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH.
OUT: The novel Mrs. Frisby's by Robert C. O'Brien is the basis for this.

IN : The Church of England parish church of Saint Mary, begun around 1120, is on the site of a previous Saxon church.
OUT: The Church of Saint Mary, likely built around 1120, stands on the former Saxon church site.

IN : Salt Lake City, Utah, which would eventually host in 2002, offered itself as a potential host after the withdrawal of Denver.
OUT: Salt Lake City, Utah, put in a bid to host the 2002 Winter Olympics after Denver withdrew.

IN : Intellivision games became readily available again when Keith Robinson, an early Intellivision programmer responsible for the game TRON: Solar Sailer purchased the software rights and founded a new company, Intellivision Productions. As a result, games originally designed for the Intellivision are available on PCs and modern-day consoles including the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Nintendo GameCube in the Intellivision Lives!
OUT: Intellivision games reemerged due to Intellivision Productions, founded by Keith Robinson, who acquired the software rights. Now, these classic Intellivision

IN : The turning point in her career was not until 2000, when she won the role of Naru Narusegawa in the popular anime Love Hina.
OUT: The turning point of her career was in 2000 when she got the role of Naru Narusegawa in Love Hina.

IN : Guest conductor appearances were made by Bruno Walter, Ernest Ansermet and Hans Knappertsbusch at this time.
OUT: Bruno Walter, Ernest Ansermet, and Hans Knappertsbusch conducted as guests during this period.

IN : The Drum-major comes in, intoxicated, and rouses Wozzeck out of bed to fight with him.
OUT: The Drum-major intoxicated wakes up Wozzeck for a fight.

IN : The received Tao Te Ching is a short text of around 5,000 Chinese characters in 81 brief chapters or sections.
OUT: Around 5,000 Chinese characters make up the Tao Te Ching, which is divided into 81 brief chapters or sections.

IN : Many chords can be played with the same notes in more than one place on the fretboard.
OUT: Multiple chord locations exist for many notes.

IN : The Sinti arrived in Germany and Austria in the Middle Ages, eventually splitting into two groups: Eftavagarja ("the Seven Caravans") and Estraxarja ("from Austria") .
OUT: The Sinti arrived in Germany and Austria during the Middle Ages, dividing into two groups: Eftavagarja (the Seven Caravans) and Estraxarja (from Austria).

IN : Houghton House passed to the Duke of Bedford in 1738 and became a ruin after the removal of the roof in 1794.
OUT: The Duke of Bedford acquired Houghton House in 1738, which later fell into ruins after the roof was taken off in 1794.

IN : Grand Valley State University (GVSU) is a public liberal arts university located in Allendale, Michigan, United States.
OUT: Grand Valley State University is a public liberal arts school in Allendale, Michigan.

IN : Vaulx is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Vaulx is a French commune in the Pas-de-Calais department.

IN : Bob's Full House was a popular quiz program hosted by Bob Monkhouse which was based on the popular game ` Bingo' and aired on BBC1 from 1 September 1984 until 27 January 1990.
OUT: Bob Monkhouse hosted the popular quiz show Full House on BBC1 from 1984 to 1990, based on the game Bingo.

IN : The native population of Big Diomede Island was relocated by the Soviet government to mainland Russia and the island is currently home to a small Russian military presence.
OUT: The native population of Big Diomede Island was moved to mainland Russia by the Soviet government. The island now houses a small Russian military presence.

IN : An area of disturbed weather organized into a tropical depression on August 9 while located 740 m southeast of Hilo, Hawaii.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: An area of disturbed weather organized into a tropical depression on August 9 while located 740 m southeast of Hilo, Hawaii. The tropical depression formed on August 9, southeast of Hilo, Hawaii.

IN : Hilo's location on the eastern side of the island of Hawaii (windward relative to the trade winds) makes it the wettest city in the United States and one of the wettest cities in the world.
OUT: The city of Hilo, located on the eastern side of Hawaii Island, is among the wettest in the US and the world due to its windward position.

IN : He denied ever being a customer of Signature and stated that he has been "tested regularly by the WWE, and I am in full compliance with the WWE Wellness Program" .
OUT: He has denied being a Signature customer and insisted on his compliance with the WWE Wellness Program.

IN : He was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the first round (13th overall) of the 2002 NFL Draft.
OUT: The player was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the first round (13th position) of the 2002 NFL Draft.

IN : He has also played a good deal of chamber music, often with the pianist Emanuel Ax, with whom he has a close friendship back from their days together at the Juilliard School of Music in New York.
OUT: He frequently performs chamber music with Emanuel Ax, his friend from Juilliard.

IN : Johnny Marr (born John Martin Maher; 31 October 1963) is an English songwriter, guitarist, keyboardist, harmonica player, and singer.
OUT: Johnny Marr is an English musician and founding member of The Smiths.

IN : One night, Om notices Mukesh escorting Shanti to the set of their planned film Om Shanti Om.
OUT: One night, Om sees Mukesh accompanying Shanti to their film set.

IN : It is not clear whether he committed suicide, as officially announced, or whether he was murdered by his guards.
OUT: The cause of his death remains unclear: suicide or murder by guards.

IN : As of 2010, it builds on the HSQLDB database engine written in Java.
OUT: Since 2010, it has used the Java-written HSQLDB database engine.

IN : \* # Also prevent account creation.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: \* # Also prevent account creation. \* Prevent account creation.

IN : To heal a wound, the body undertakes a series of actions collectively known as the wound healing process.
OUT: The body heals a wound through various steps, collectively called the wound healing process.

IN : The station is a short walk from Hackney Central, on the North London Line.
OUT: The station is near Hackney Central on the North London Line.

IN : A portmanteau of emotion and sound, an emotisound is a brief sound transmitted and played back during the viewing of a message, typically an IM message or e-mail message.
OUT: An emotisound is a short sound that conveys emotion when played back during the viewing of a message.

IN : Hercules strolls into a village after returning from one of his adventures, and is greeted by Iolaus.
OUT: Hercules enters a village after an adventure, where he's greeted by Iolaus.

IN : Hwangbo Kwan (born Hwang Bo-Kwan March 1, 1965) is a South Korean football manager, who currently manages FC Seoul.
OUT: Hwang Bo-Kwan, born March 1, 1965, is a South Korean football manager currently managing FC Seoul.

IN : It is overlooked by the dramatic mountain terrain of the Braes of Balquhidder, at the head of Loch Voil.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It is overlooked by the dramatic mountain terrain of the Braes of Balquhidder, at the head of Loch Voil. The sentence can be simplified to: The Braes of Balquhidder, at the head of Loch Voil, have dramatic mountain terrain that overlooks.

IN : In 1976, De Laurentiis relocated to the USA where he set up studios, eventually creating his own studio De Laurentiis Entertainment Group (DEG) based in Wilmington, North Carolina; the building of the studio quickly made Wilmington a busy center of film and television production.
OUT: In 1976, De Laurentiis moved to the USA, establishing studios including De Laurentiis Entertainment Group (DEG) in Wilmington, North Carolina, which became a hub of film and TV production.

IN : The Ark-La-Tex, Arklatex, or ArkLaTex is a U.S. socio-economic region where Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma intersect.
OUT: The Ark-Tex region is where Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas meet. (Oklahoma is not part of this region.)

IN : Radio callsigns pre-date postcodes in Australia by more than forty years.
OUT: Radio call signs existed before postcodes in Australia by over forty years.

IN : Examples include:
OUT: So the answer is: Examples are: "The cat sat on the mat," "The dog barked at the mailman," "The children played in the park."

IN : He was originally called "Namgyal Wangdi" , but as a child his name was changed on the advice of the head lama and founder of the famous Rongbuk Monastery, Ngawang Tenzin Norbu.
OUT: He was originally named "Namgyal Wangdi," but as a child his name was changed by the Rongbuk Monastery's founder, Ngawang Tenzin Norbu.

IN : The grave had been found nearly a decade earlier, but was kept hidden by its discoverers from the Communists who still ruled Russia when the grave was originally found.
OUT: The grave was discovered a decade before communist rule in Russia.

IN : Meanwhile, an Albanian student takes Bart's place in the Simpsons family, and shows great interest in Homer's work at the nuclear power plant.
OUT: An Albanian student replaces Bart in the Simpsons family and is intrigued by Homer's job at the nuclear plant.

IN : Gambon raced the Suzuki Liana and was driving so aggressively that it went round the last corner of his timed lap on two wheels.
OUT: Gambon drove the Suzuki Liana aggressively, completing the last lap corner on two wheels.

IN : Tim Hortons Inc. is a Canadian coffee shop known for its coffee and doughnuts. It is also Canada's largest fast food service.
OUT: Tim Hortons is a Canadian coffee and doughnut chain and the largest fast food company in Canada.

IN : All games have been played at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama.
OUT: All games have been held at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama.

IN : In 1975 she averaged 4.05, while no other player averaged even 3.
OUT: In 1975, she had an average of 4.05, while no other player had an average above 3.50.

IN : Construction began in March 1950.
OUT: Construction started in March 1950.

IN : An analysis of crater densities over the surface indicates that the areas with lower crater density are within 9 kilometers of the impact point.
OUT: Areas near impact points have lower crater densities.

IN : The two most common allotropes are white phosphorus and red phosphorus. Red phosphorus is an intermediate phase between white and violet phosphorus.
OUT: The most common allotropes of phosphorus are white and red, with white being the most reactive.

IN : The NWF runs an expansive network of volunteer programs that reaches over 10 million people.
OUT: The NWF operates volunteer programs reaching over 10 million people.

IN : The Olive-spotted Hummingbird (Leucippus chlorocercus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.
OUT: The Olive-spotted Hummingbird is a hummingbird species in the Trochilidae family.

IN : These units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated TOPS Class 403.
OUT: Units survived under British Rail ownership long enough for TOPS Class 403 allocation.

IN : Despite not having a downtown the city continued to grow and the pace of the growth increased in the 1970s.
OUT: The city grew, particularly in the 1970s, without a downtown area.

IN : The Feather Falls were recently measured to be 410 feet tall.
OUT: The Feather Falls are 410 feet tall.

IN : Everett was collecting the speeches at the Gettysburg dedication into one bound volume to sell for the benefit of stricken soldiers at New York's Sanitary Commission Fair.
OUT: Everett compiled a book of Gettysburg dedication speeches for sale at the Sanitary Commission Fair to aid injured soldiers.

IN : He became a member of the Israel Federation of Writers' Union, had been accepted to the postgraduate Slavic Philology program of the Jerusalem University.
OUT: He joined the Israel Federation of Writers' Union and was accepted into Jerusalem University's postgraduate Slavic Philology program.

IN : Domestic consumers account for 43 % of the total power consumption, or 90 million units per month.
OUT: Domestic consumers use 43% or 90 million units of power per month.

IN : Launoy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Launoy is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department.

IN : For example, there are names that have the role of properties that uniquely identify an object.
OUT: Some names function as properties to uniquely identify objects.

IN : Jun Uruno is a Japanese football player currently playing for Roasso Kumamoto.
OUT: Jun Uruno is a Japanese football player for Roasso Kumamoto.

IN : In 1951 he conducted Mozart's Idomeneo at the Salzburg Festival for the first time.
OUT: In 1951, he first conducted Mozart's Idomeneo at the Salzburg Festival.

IN : It is located in the center of Switzerland.
OUT: In the center of Switzerland, it is located.

IN : Civil liberties groups have expressed concern over the way in which Transport for London is able to track the movements of passengers using the Oyster card system.
OUT: Civil liberties groups worry about how Transport for London tracks Oyster card users' movements.

IN : All members of the genus are motile and have polar flagella with sheaths.
OUT: Members of the genus have motile polar flagella with sheaths.

IN : The Space Race was a mid-to-late twentieth century competition between the Soviet Union (USSR) and the United States (US) for supremacy in outer space exploration. Between 1957 and 1975, Cold War rivalry between the two nations focused on attaining firsts in space exploration, which were seen as necessary for national security and symbolic of technological and ideological superiority.
OUT: The Space Race was a competition between the Soviet Union and the United States for supremacy in space exploration from 1957 to 1975. It symbolized technological and ideological superiority during the Cold

IN : He is particularly well known for his papers on mechanism design\/implementation theory and dynamic games.
OUT: He is known for his work on mechanism design and dynamic games.

IN : Primary lithium batteries in which the anode is made from metallic lithium pose safety issues.
OUT: Metallic lithium anode batteries present safety concerns.

IN : The Council met usually in the open air.
OUT: The Council often meets outside.

IN : Robinson's daughter, Sharon, became a midwife, educator, director of educational programming for MLB, and the author of two books about her father.
OUT: Robinson's daughter, Sharon, is a midwife, educator, director of educational programming for MLB, and has written two books about her father.

IN : Their only child, Bob Jones, Jr. was born October 19, 1911 in Montgomery, where they made their home.
OUT: Their child, Bob Jones, Jr., was born on October 19, 1911, in Montgomery.

IN : The Tennessee Titans are a professional American football team based in Nashville.
OUT: The Titans are a professional American football team in Nashville, Tennessee.

IN : A dedicated ferry service ran day and night to take ticket holders to and from the island.
OUT: A ferry ran continuously to the island, day and night, for ticket holders.

IN : Notes are also color coded: $ 5 pink (there are two designs) ; $ 10 blue; $ 20 red; $ 50 yellow; and $ 100 green.
OUT: Notes come in different colors: $5 pink (two designs), $10 blue, $20 red, $50 yellow, $100 green.

IN : Mansions had many chimneys for the many fireplaces required to keep the vast rooms warm.
OUT: Mansions had many chimneys for the numerous fireplaces that kept the large rooms warm.

IN : Qxd5 + cxd5 44.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Qxd5 + cxd5 44. Nxd5+ Rxd5 45. Rxd5+ Kxd5 46. Qxd5+ Kc5 47. Qd5+ Kb5 48. Qb5+ Ka4 49. Qa4+ Kb3 50. Qb3+ Kc2 51. Qc2+ Kd1 52. Qd1+ Kc1 53. Qc1+ Kd1 54. Qd1+ Kc1 55. Qc1+ K

IN : Possession of burglar's tools, with the intent to use them to commit burglary or theft, is a misdemeanor.
OUT: The crime of having burglar tools, intending to use them for burglary or theft, is classified as a misdemeanor.

IN : In contrast, the Illinois House of Representatives is made up of 118 members with its entire membership elected to two-year terms.
OUT: The Illinois House of Representatives consists of 118 members, all serving two-year terms.

IN : Buneville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: The commune of Buneville is in the Pas-de-Calais department and the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.

IN : In the 18th century the neighbouring marshes of the Val di Chiana, south of Arezzo, were drained and the region became less malarial.
OUT: The 18th century saw the draining of the Val di Chiana marshes, south of Arezzo, reducing the region's malarial conditions.

IN : But it was her 1938 version of the nursery rhyme, "A-Tisket, A-Tasket" , a song she co-wrote, that brought her wide public acclaim.
OUT: Her 1938 version of "A-Tisket, A-Tasket" brought her wide public acclaim, as she co-wrote this nursery rhyme.

IN : ; bodystyle Specifies CSS values to apply to the entire template.
OUT: The 'bodystyle' specifies CSS values for the entire template.

IN : In 2000 he was chosen Belgian "Sports Figure of the Century" .
OUT: In 2000, he was named Belgian Sports Figure of the Century.

IN : The Toyota MR2 is a two-seat, mid-engined, rear wheel drive sports car produced by Central Motors, a part of Toyota, from 1984 until July 2007 when production stopped in Japan.
OUT: The Toyota MR2 is a mid-engined, two-seat, rear wheel drive sports car produced by Toyota from 1984 to 2007.

IN : The Author's Farce is not a standard comedy; rather, it is a farce, and as such employs petty forms of humor like slapstick.
OUT: A farce is not a standard comedy; it uses slapstick for humor.

IN : The Herald Sun primarily serves Victoria and shares many articles with other News Corporation paid daily newspapers, especially those from Australia.
OUT: A major Australian newspaper, The Herald Sun, primarily serves Victoria and often shares articles with other News Corporation daily newspapers in Australia.

IN : An escape slide is required on all commercial (passenger carrying) aircraft where the door sill height is such that, in the event of an evacuation, passengers would be unable to "step down" from the door uninjured (Federal Aviation Administration requires slides on all aircraft doors where the floor is 6 f or more above the ground) .
OUT: A commercial aircraft needing an escape slide if its door sill is 6 feet or more above the ground. (FAA regulation)

IN : Joe Louis Arena, nicknamed The Joe and JLA is a hockey arena located at 600 Civic Center Drive in Detroit, Michigan.
OUT: The Joe is a Detroit hockey arena at 600 Civic Center Drive.

IN : In 1902, at the Festival of Mainz, Weingartner conducted the complete symphonies of Beethoven.
OUT: In 1902, Weingartner conducted all of Beethoven's symphonies at the Festival of Mainz.

IN : Hydraulic lifts use the principles of hydraulics (in the sense of hydraulic power) to pressurize an above ground or in-ground piston to raise and lower the car (see Hydraulic elevators below) .
OUT: Hydraulic lifts use hydraulic power to raise and lower cars.

IN : His crown and face is violet and black.
OUT: His crown and face are violet and black.

IN : On 25 March 1971, West Pakistan began a civil war to subdue the democratic victory of East Pakistanis.
OUT: In 1971, Pakistan waged war against East Pakistan for democratic control.

IN : It changed its name to ` Conservative and Unionist Party' in 1912 after merging with the Liberal Unionist Party, although the name is rarely used and it is generally referred to as simply ` The Conservative Party' .
OUT: The Conservative Party changed its name to the Conservative and Unionist Party in 1912 after merging with the Liberal Unionist Party. However, the name is rarely used and it is generally referred to as The Conservative Party.

IN : The district consists of two sub-divisions or Tehsils, containing 20 in total. Union Councils:
OUT: The district has two Tehsils, each with 12 Union Councils and a total of 20 Union Councils.

IN : Todd Benjamin Heap (born March 16, 1980 in Mesa, Arizona) is a Pro Bowl tight end for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League.
OUT: Todd Heap is a Pro Bowl tight end for the Baltimore Ravens. (born in Mesa, Arizona, on March 16, 1980)

IN : After this performance, Dumbo becomes a media sensation, Timothy becomes his manager, and Dumbo and Mrs. Jumbo are given a private car on the circus train.
OUT: Dumbo becomes a media sensation after his performance, with Timothy managing him. They are given a private car on the circus train.

IN : Flatbreads such as roti, naan, lavash, sangak, yufka, matzo or matzah, lafa, and tortilla are used in many parts of the world.
OUT: Various types of flatbreads, including roti, naan, lavash, sangak, yufka, matzo or matzah, lafa, and tortilla, are used worldwide.

IN : A confidence interval with a particular confidence level is intended to give the assurance that, if the statistical model is correct, then taken over all the data that might have been obtained, the procedure for constructing the interval would deliver a confidence interval that included the true value of the parameter the proportion of the time set by the confidence level.
OUT: A confidence interval guarantees that it will contain the true value of a parameter with a specified level of certainty, assuming the statistical model is correct.

IN : BBC Radio Scotland was founded as a full-time radio network in 1978, although the name had been used since 1974 for the Scottish opt-out version of BBC Radio 4 (previously the Scottish Home Service and then Radio 4 Scotland) .
OUT: BBC Radio Scotland began operating as a full-time radio network in 1978, with the name having been used since 1974 for the Scottish opt-out of BBC Radio 4.

IN : Many years after receiving his patent, in 1919 Dr. Tesla wrote an article for The Electrical Experimenter entitled "Famous Scientific Illusions" , in which he explains the logic of Franklin's pointed lightning rod and discloses his improved method and apparatus.
OUT: In 1919, Dr. Tesla wrote an article for The Electrical Experimenter, titled "Famous Scientific Illusions," where he discussed Franklin's lightning rod logic and revealed his improved method and apparatus.

IN : In day-to-day writing, scribes used a cursive form of writing, called hieratic, which was quicker and easier.
OUT: Scribes used a faster, easier hieratic script for daily writing.

IN : However, the Presidency Armies began to be described collectively as the Indian Army.
OUT: The Indian Army came to be known as the Presidency Armies.

IN : Drogue chutes are used to aid horizontal deceleration of a vehicle (a fixed-wing aircraft, or a drag racer) , or to provide stability (tandem free-fall, or space shuttle after a touchdown) .
OUT: Drogue chutes slow down or stabilize vehicles.

IN : The Prime Minister of Australia is the head of government of the Commonwealth of Australia, holding office on commission from the Governor-General of Australia.
OUT: The Prime Minister of Australia is the head of government.

IN : Acme Airport is...
OUT: The largest airport in the world in terms of passenger traffic, Acme Airport, handles over 100 million passengers yearly.

IN : The Apache HTTP Server, commonly referred to as Apache, is web server software notable for playing a key role in the initial growth of the World Wide Web.
OUT: Apache is a well-known web server software that contributed significantly to the early growth of the World Wide Web.

IN : Amyrmex golbachi is a species of ant and is currently the only known species in the genus Amyrmex described from Argentina.
OUT: Amyrmex golbachi is an Argentine ant species and the only known one in the genus Amyrmex.

IN : Cadmium fluoride, like all cadmium compounds, is toxic and should be used with care.
OUT: Cadmium fluoride is toxic and should be handled carefully.

IN : At tribal council, Shane voted for Aras as a "throwaway vote" as not to choose either side, and the women of Casaya led an erratic 3-2-1-1 vote, resulting in the elimination of Bobby.
OUT: At tribal council, Shane voted for Aras as a throwaway vote, while the Casaya women's unstable voting pattern eliminated Bobby.

IN : Cresseveuille is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Cresseveuille is a commune in northwestern France, in the Calvados department and the Basse-Normandie region.

IN : The most commonly used acres today are the international acre and, in the United States, the survey acre. The most common use of the acre is to measure tracts of land.
OUT: The most commonly used acres are the international acre and survey acre.

IN : He is often referred to as the brother of sculptor Stefano Maderno, but this is not universally agreed upon.
OUT: It's debated whether he's Stefano Maderno's brother or not.

IN : WTVT, channel 13, is a television station in Tampa, Florida.
OUT: Channel 13, WTVT, is in Tampa, Florida.

IN : Most Naruto video games have been released only in Japan.
OUT: Naruto video games have primarily been released in Japan.

IN : Any situation in which strong relationships can develop may trigger a conflict of interest.
OUT: A situation that fosters strong relationships could lead to a conflict of interest.

IN : A few leaf types also have a vascular cambium.
OUT: A few leaf types have a vascular cambium.

IN : Dustin Lee Hoffman (born August 8, 1937) is an American actor with a career in film, television, and theater since 1960.
OUT: Dustin Hoffman is an American actor with a career spanning from 1960 in film, television, and theater.

IN : Nikola Tesla's was an improvement in lightning protectors.
OUT: Nikla Tesla invented an improved lightning protector.

IN : Ann Arbor had set aside 40 acres (16 ha) that it hoped would become the site for a new state capitol, but it offered this land to the university when Lansing was chosen as the state capital.
OUT: Ann Arbor set aside 40 acres for a new state capitol but gave it to the university when Lansing was chosen as the capital.

IN : In such a situation, a key objective becomes the identification of the first exemplar before any split in the tradition.
OUT: A crucial goal is identifying the initial example in a tradition before any division.

IN : Many projects use the Version 1.0 Assessment schema to grade their articles by quality and the corresponding importance scale to place their articles in order of priority.
OUT: Projects often use the Version 1.0 Assessment schema to grade their articles by quality and determine their priority based on the importance scale.

IN : However, the conflict between monarch and democrats continued, and on August 6, Hohenzollern was occupied by Prussian forces.
OUT: The conflict between monarch and democrats continued, and on August 6, Hohenzollern was occupied by Prussian forces.

IN : Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a book by Mark Twain, first published in England in December 1884 and in the United States in February 1885.
OUT: The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a book written by Mark Twain, published in England in December 1884 and in the United States in February 1885.

IN : In one well remembered story, Examiner reporter Winifred Black was admitted into a San Francisco hospital and discovered that indigent women were treated with "gross cruelty."
OUT: Reporter Winifred Black uncovered gross cruelty towards indigent women in a San Francisco hospital.

IN : Westmorland (; formerly also spelt Westmoreland, an even older spelling is Westmerland or Westmereland) is an area of North West England and one of the 39 historic counties of England.
OUT: Westmorland is an area in northwest England, one of England's historic counties.

IN : Because qin tablature is so useful, logical, easy, and the fastest way (once the performer knows how to read the notation) of learning a piece, it is invaluable to the qin player and can not totally be replaced (just as staff notation can not be replaced for Western instruments, because they developed a notation system that suited the instruments well) .
OUT: The invaluable nature of qin tablature to the qin player cannot be totally replaced, as it is useful, logical, easy, and the fastest way of learning a piece once the performer is familiar with the notation.

IN : Its scenery is very picturesque, although not of so wild a character as the mountain region of Rawalpindi to the north, and is lighted up in places by smiling patches of cultivated valley.
OUT: The scenery is picturesque, not as wild as Rawalpindi's mountains, with cultivated areas providing light.

IN : Stanley Lucas (15 January 1900 -- 21 June 2010) from Bude, Cornwall was a British supercentenarian, he was the oldest living man verified in Europe since the death of Harry Patch on 25 July 2009.
OUT: Stanley Lucas, born January 15, 1900, in Bude, Cornwall, was the oldest living verified man in Europe after Harry Patch's death on July 25, 2009.

IN : In January 2008, Russian scientists announced that the charred remains of a young boy and a young woman found near Ekaterinburg in August 2007 were most likely those of the thirteen-year-old Tsarevich and one of the four Romanov grand duchesses.
OUT: The remains of the boy and woman found in Ekaterinburg in 2007 are likely those of Tsarevich and one of the Romanov grand duchesses.

IN : The library maintains an extensive, world-class collection of books, periodicals, recordings and other materials pertaining to art, music and the performing arts.
OUT: A world-class collection of art, music, and performing arts materials is maintained by the library.

IN : After two years away from television, the Boosh returned in November 2007.
OUT: The Boosh returned to television in November 2007, two years after their absence.

IN : Sturgeon also wrote several episodes of Star Trek that were never produced.
OUT: Sturgeon wrote unsold Star Trek episodes.

IN : It is estimated that as many as ninety percent of the Kalapuya population died during this period.
OUT: Approximately 90% of the Kalapuya population perished during this time.

IN : Sextus Empiricus reported that such observations were appreciated by Christian apologists.
OUT: Sextus Empiricus noted that Christians valued these observations.

IN : Some composers of this type of serenade include Alessandro Stradella, Alessandro Scarlatti, Johann Joseph Fux, Johann Mattheson, and Antonio Caldara.
OUT: Composers such as Alessandro Stradella, Alessandro Scarlatti, Johann Joseph Fux, Johann Mattheson, and Antonio Caldara created serenades of this kind.

IN : They had ended their tour and were back in the studio in the process of making their next album, when Chris Chasse left the band to pursue family life.
OUT: The band was recording their next album after finishing their tour, when Chris Chasse left to focus on his family.

IN : At the head is Mansour Ojjeh son of the founder of the TAG Group Akram Ojjeh, who was a wealthy Saudi entrepreneur.
OUT: Mansour Ojjeh, wealthy Saudi entrepreneur and son of TAG Group founder Akram Ojjeh, is at the head.

IN : There are many different varieties of tofu, including fresh tofu and tofu that has been processed in some way.
OUT: Many varieties of tofu exist, ranging from fresh to processed.

IN : Edvard Hagerup Grieg (15 June 1843-4 September 1907) was a Norwegian composer and pianist who composed in the Romantic period.
OUT: Grieg was a Norwegian composer and pianist from the Romantic era.

IN : Its sister company Tanduay Distillers, Inc. produces hard liquor.
OUT: Tanduay Distillers produces hard liquor. (The article "Its" before "sister company" is unnecessary in this context.)

IN : Christian theologians use Biblical exegesis, rational analysis, and argument to understand, explain, test, critique, defend or promote Christianity.
OUT: Theologians interpret, reason about, and argue for Christian beliefs using the Bible and rational analysis.

IN : In 1950, Holiday appeared in the Universal-International short film Sugar Chile' Robinson, Billie Holiday, Count Basie and His Sextet, where she sang "God Bless the Child" and "Now, Baby or Never" .
OUT: Billie Holiday sang "God Bless the Child" and "Now, Baby or Never" in a 1950 Universal-International short film with Sugar Chile Robinson, Count Basie and His Sextet.

IN : A food web is a series of related food chains displaying the movement of energy and matter through an ecosystem.
OUT: A food web is the network showing how different species in an ecosystem feed on each other, transferring energy and matter.

IN : In Vrindavan, local inhabitants addressed him by the name of Chamatkari Baba (miracle baba) .
OUT: In Vrindavan, people called him Chamatkari Baba.

IN : Agnes of Kyburg, who had no male relations, sold the family's lands to King Rudolf I von Habsburg.
OUT: Agnes of Kyburg, with no male heirs, sold the family lands to King Rudolf I of Habsburg.

IN : The Yorkshire Dales is the name given to an upland area in Northern England.
OUT: The Yorkshire Dales is an upland area in Northern England.

IN : Terry won his fourth straight Immunity Challenge, and the former Casaya alliance was forced to vote out one of their own.
OUT: Terry won four straight Immunity Challenges, forcing Casaya to eliminate one of their members.

IN : Francisco Guerrero, the second and current incarnation of El Gato Negro, is Agustin's grandson.
OUT: Fr Francisco Guerrero, the current El Gato Negro, is Agustin's grandson.

IN : The rump of the SED that remained was renamed as the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS) at a special party congress in December 1989.
OUT: The Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS) was formed from the remnants of the Socialist Unity Party (SED) in December 1989.

IN : World number one Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark was the number one seed.
OUT: Car Caroline Wozniacki was the top seed.

IN : Martin has said, "The song had the word ` stars' and that seemed like a word you should sing in a Neil Young voice."
OUT: Martin mentioned Neil Young when talking about the song's use of the word "stars."

IN : He also issued decrees that effectively made Christianity the official state religion of the Roman Empire.
OUT: The Roman Empire recognized Christianity as its official religion through decrees issued by the emperor.

IN : A USB system has an asymmetric design, consisting of a host, a multitude of downstream USB ports, and multiple peripheral devices connected in a tiered-star topology.
OUT: A USB system features a host, numerous downstream ports, and various peripherals in a tiered-star configuration.

IN : The earliest example of the modern shorthand tablature survives from around the twelfth century CE.
OUT: The earliest example of modern shorthand dates back to around the 12th century CE.

IN : The name "kangaroo mouse" refers to the species' extraordinary jumping ability, as well as its habit of bipedal locomotion.
OUT: A kangaroo mouse has exceptional jumping skills and sometimes walks on its hind legs.

IN : Since the collapse of the Soviet Union, the city has become a relatively lively and well-provisioned capital, with a much higher standard of living than in most rural areas of the country.
OUT: The city has thrived since the Soviet Union's collapse, boasting a higher standard of living than most rural areas in the country.

IN : The Bretton Woods system was the first example of a fully negotiated monetary order intended to govern monetary relations among independent nation-states.
OUT: Agreement on monetary relations among independent nations was first established by the Bretton Woods system.

IN : Many individual cities have also produced their own local hip hop newsletters, while hip hop magazines with national distribution are found in a few other countries. The 21st century also ushered in the rise of online media, and hip hop fan sites now offer comprehensive hip hop coverage on a daily basis.
OUT: Individual cities produce local hip hop newsletters, while national distribution hip hop magazines exist in select countries. The 21st century brought about the rise of online hip hop fan sites, providing daily coverage.

IN : They and other large members of the dolphin family are also known as blackfish. They are the second and third largest living dolphins after the killer whale.
OUT: The largest dolphins, excluding killer whales, are known as blackfish.

IN : Both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into The National Museum of Scotland.
OUT: The National Museum of Scotland absorbed both names in 2007.

IN : The dancers later separated from Vic-Wells and became the Royal Ballet.
OUT: The dancers became the Royal Ballet.

IN : It also consists of the three colors: red, yellow, and blue, which represent the colors of the national flag.
OUT: It includes the flag's colors: red, yellow, and blue.

IN : The explanation given for the unusual speed of these reactions at such a low temperature is eutectic freezing.
OUT: The unusual speed of reactions at low temperatures is due to eutectic freezing.

IN : The close friendship between Clapton and Harrison resulted in Clapton's playing on Harrison's "While My Guitar Gently Weeps" from the Beatles' White Album.
OUT: Clapton played on Harrison's "While My Guitar Gently Weeps."

IN : Arsenio Hall (born February 12, 1955) is an American actor, comedian, and former talk show host.
OUT: Arsenio Hall is an American actor and comedian. He was born on February 12, 1955, and was a talk show host.

IN : The Amazing Jeckel Brothers was the second studio album Insane Clown Posse released by Island, and features a more hip hop-based sound, as opposed to the rock-oriented sound of its predecessor, The Great Milenko (1997) .
OUT: The second album by Insane Clown Posse on Island Records is called The Amazing Jeckel Brothers and has a hip hop sound.

IN : As the gunman approached, Maria stood and struggled with Ermakov as he tried to stab her. The jewels in her clothing shielded her, and Ermakov claimed that he killed her with a shot to the head.
OUT: As the gunman approached, Maria struggled with Ermakov, who tried to stab her. Her jewels protected her, but he later claimed to have shot and killed her.

IN : Both conglomerates and breccias are characterized by clasts larger than sand (-RRB- 2 mm) .
OUT: Conglomerates and breccias have clasts larger than 2 mm.

IN : The order was Piquet (he and Nannini were planning to go without stopping) , Prost, Senna, Mansell, Nannini and Boutsen.
OUT: Piquet, Prost, Senna, Mansell, Nannini, and Boutsen were in the order.

IN : This is a list of the Nick Jr. original series, Team Umizoomi episodes.
OUT: List of Team Umizoomi episodes from Nick Jr.

IN : The new building incorporated the old Freedom House Pagoda within its design.
OUT: The new building included the old Freedom House Pagoda in its design.

IN : Other, optional, hCard classes also exist.
OUT: Other hCard classes can exist.

IN : A coven or covan is a name used to describe a gathering of witches or in some cases vampires.
OUT: A gathering of witches or vampires is called a coven.

IN : The V-type spectrum indicates that it is not genetically related to the Flora family, but rather is probably a fragment (actually two fragments) ejected off the surface of nearby 4 Vesta by a large impact in the past.
OUT: A V-type spectrum reveals that it is unlikely to be related genetically to the Flora family. Instead, it is probably two fragments that were ejected from the surface of 4 Vesta following a large impact.

IN : Auburn is a college town and is the home of Auburn University.
OUT: Auburn is home to Auburn University, a college.

IN : East Sutton is a parish approximately 6 miles south-east of Maidstone in Kent, England.
OUT: East Sutton is a parish located about 6 miles southeast of Maidstone in Kent, England.

IN : Stevenson retired in 2002, and psychiatrist Jim B. Tucker took over his work and wrote Life Before Life.
OUT: Stevenson retired in 2002. Tucker took over his work and wrote Life Before Life.

IN : On the advice of Thomas Davies, the Chief Constable, he first took a course in business and accountancy.
OUT: At Thomas Davies' recommendation, he studied business and accountancy.

IN : As Protector, he had the power to call and dissolve parliaments but was obliged under the Instrument to seek the majority vote of a Council of State.
OUT: The Protector held the power to summon and dismiss parliaments, but was required, according to the Instrument, to secure the approval of a Council of State through a majority vote.

IN : This would have increased the line's capacity by some 24 % .
OUT: The line's capacity would have increased by 24%.

IN : Chiltern was once on the main road between Melbourne and Sydney but is now bypassed by the Hume Freeway running a few kilometres to the east.
OUT: Chiltern was once on the main road between Melbourne and Sydney but is now bypassed by the Hume Freeway.

IN : Two other witnesses, John Singleton and William Alker, confirmed that Sir John Southworth, Jane Southworth's father-in-law, had been reluctant to pass the house where his son lived, as he believed Jane to be an "evil woman, and a Witch" .
OUT: Two witnesses, John Singleton and William Alker, testified that Sir John Southworth thought Jane Southworth was an evil witch.

IN : The complex flavor of hoja santa is not so easily described; it has been compared to eucalyptus, licorice, sassafras, anise, nutmeg, mint, tarragon, and black pepper.
OUT: The flavor of hoja santa is compared to eucalyptus, licorice, sassafras, anise, nutmeg, mint, tarragon, and black pepper.

IN : The producers planned to wrap up mysteries, such as the reason the Dharma periodic resupply drops continue after the purge, Walt's unusual abilities, and the "bird" from `` Exodus Pt.
OUT: The final season of the show would address unexplained mysteries, like the ongoing Dharma resupply drops, Walt's abilities, and the "bird" from Exodus Pt. 2.

IN : Mike E. Clark is an American record producer and DJ from Detroit, Michigan.
OUT: Mike Clark is an American record producer and DJ from Detroit.

IN : "Stop and Stare" was released to US radio on November 27, 2007.
OUT: "Released to US radio on November 27, 2007: 'Stop and Stare'."

IN : See also List of Japanese architects.
OUT: See also: List of Japanese architects.

IN : Dordrecht is a city and municipality in the western Netherlands, located in the province of South Holland.
OUT: Dordrecht is a city and municipality in South Holland, Netherlands.

IN : The band released a limited-edition CD of "Trouble" , the third single off the album, which features a remix of "Yellow" .
OUT: A limited-edition CD of "Trouble" (the third single from the album) includes a remix of "Yellow".

IN : Fiction Records was founded in 1978 by Chris Parry.
OUT: Fiction Records was founded by Chris Parry in 1978.

IN : Schizophreniform disorder is a mental disorder diagnosed when symptoms of schizophrenia are present for a significant portion of the time within a one-month period, but signs of disruption are not present for the full six months required for the diagnosis of schizophrenia.
OUT: A mental disorder called schizophreniform disorder is diagnosed when symptoms similar to schizophrenia appear for at least a month, but the disruptions do not last the six months necessary for a schizophrenia diagnosis.

IN : Designated Uranus XXIV, it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare's play The Tempest.
OUT: Uranus' twenty-fourth moon is named after a son of the Naples king in Shakespeare's The Tempest.

IN : The Jabiru (Jabiru mycteria) is a large stork found in the Americas from Mexico to Argentina, except west of the Andes.
OUT: A large stork, the Jabiru, is native to the Americas from Mexico to Argentina, excluding the region west of the Andes.

IN : Sailly-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Sailly-au-Bois is a French commune in the Pas-de-Calais department.

IN : Nature's services analysis calculates the global yield of the Earth's biosphere to humans as a whole.
OUT: Nature's services analysis measures the global value of the Earth's biosphere to humanity.

IN : Coles currently has the second-largest market share behind Woolworths Supermarkets.
OUT: Coles has the second-largest market share.

IN : His nephew is Aurelio De Laurentiis, also a film producer and the chairman of SSC Napoli football club.
OUT: Aurelio De Laurentiis, nephew of the speaker and film producer, chairs SSC Napoli football club.

IN : In 2004 their name changed to the T-Mobile-Team.
OUT: Their name became T-Mobile-Team in 2004.

IN : As a result Xerxes retreated to Asia with much of his army, leaving Mardonius to complete the conquest of Greece.
OUT: Xerxes returned to Asia with his army, leaving Mardonius to finish the conquest of Greece.

IN : Many alkaloids can be purified from crude extracts by acid-base extraction.
OUT: Alkaloids can be purified from crude extracts using acid-base extraction.

IN : Eight irregular satellites discovered since 2000 follow similar orbits.
OUT: Since 2000, eight irregular satellites have followed similar orbits.

IN : Editors have so far released two platinum studio albums, and three in total, whilst selling over several million copies between them worldwide.
OUT: Editors have released three platinum albums, selling over several million copies combined.

IN : Gail Kim (born February 20, 1977) is a Canadian professional wrestler of Korean descent.
OUT: Gail Kim is a Canadian wrestler of Korean descent.

IN : Hazel Reid O'Leary (born May 17, 1937) was the seventh United States Secretary of Energy, from 1993 to 1997, appointed by President Bill Clinton.
OUT: Hazel O'Leary served as the seventh US Energy Secretary from 1993 to 1997, appointed by President Clinton.

IN : Hydrogenation of unsaturated fatty acids is widely practiced to give saturated fatty acids, which are less prone toward rancidification.
OUT: Unsaturated fatty acids are hydrogenated to form saturated fatty acids, which are more stable.

IN : But Pascal became more and more extravagant, finally losing his credibility with Caesar and Cleopatra (1945) which was the most expensive British movie ever made at that time and a terrible financial and critical flop, although it is highly regarded today.
OUT: The most expensive British movie ever made at that time, "Caesar and Cleopatra" (1945), was a financial and critical flop for Pascal, despite being highly regarded today.

IN : Galiciuica is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,760 people. It has the following constituent villages: Galiciuica.
OUT: Galiciuica is a commune in Dolj County, Romania with a population of 1,760 and one constituent village.

IN : He was thinking of a specific word, which he deemed a missing key word in the lyrics, to fit the song's concept.
OUT: You're looking for a word to complete the song's concept.

IN : The predominant match on the SmackDown brand was between The Undertaker and Rey Mysterio for the World Heavyweight Championship, which The Undertaker won to retain the championship.
OUT: The Undertaker won the World Heavyweight Championship against Rey Mysterio on SmackDown.

IN : However, current rules in both Drum Corps International and Drum Corps Associates define a bugle as a brass instrument in any key, with 0 to 4 valves, and bell front.
OUT: A bugle in Drum Corps International and Drum Corps Associates is defined as a brass instrument with 0 to 4 valves and a bell front.

IN : Cynanchum laeve (syn.
OUT: Cynanchum laeve (also called Cynanchum glaucum) is a type of dogbane (Cynanchum, Apocynaceae).

IN : In addition, hospital-acquired infections in patients not previously considered at risk (e.g. , patients in an intensive care unit) have become a cause of major health concern.
OUT: Hospital-acquired infections are a significant health concern for patients in intensive care units and others previously considered low risk.

IN : This result enabled him to qualify for the category 20 tournament Corus A 2008.
OUT: The result qualified him for the Corus A 2008 tournament.

IN : Novel Furbies were also released, including an interactive Furby-like Gizmo, from the film Gremlins, a Furby-like Interactive Yoda based on the Star Wars character, and a Furby-like Interactive E.T. from the movie of the same name.
OUT: Interactive Gizmo, Yoda, and E.T. were new Furby models.

IN : For the lake see Dease Lake (British Columbia) .
OUT: See Dease Lake (British Columbia) .

IN : She was appointed Burmese ambassador to India and Nepal in 1960, and Aung San Suu Kyi followed her there, graduating from Lady Shri Ram College in New Delhi with a degree in politics in 1964.
OUT: Aung San Suu Kyi followed the Burmese ambassador to India and Nepal, graduating from Lady Shri Ram College in New Delhi with a degree in politics in 1964.

IN : A tropical cyclone strikes eastern Cuba on September 28.
OUT: A tropical cyclone hits eastern Cuba on September 28.

IN : British American Racing was a Formula One constructor that competed in the sport from 1999 to 2005.
OUT: British American Racing was a Formula One team that raced from 1999 to 2005.

IN : Turgi is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the Limmat Valley (German: Limmattal) .
OUT: The municipality Turgi is in the canton of Aargau, in the district Baden, Switzerland, in the Limmat Valley.

IN : Mercury (II) bromide or mercuric bromide is the chemical compound composed of mercury and bromine with the formula HgBr2.
OUT: Mercury bromide is a chemical compound of mercury and bromine with the formula HgBr2.

IN : It is an influential city for the northern parts of the country and the capital of the Central Macedonia Periphery, the Thessaloniki Prefecture and at the Municipality of Thessaloniki.
OUT: Thessaloniki is a influential city in the northern part of the country and the capital of Central Macedonia Periphery, Thessaloniki Prefecture, and Municipality of Thessaloniki.

IN : Lisores is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: *Commune* is a term used in France for a municipality or a town. It's already a simplified term, so there's no need to simplify it further. The rest of the sentence is already quite simple and clear.

IN : Medieval Mulhouse consists essentially of a lower and an upper town.
OUT: The medieval town of Mulhouse is divided into a lower and an upper town.

IN : The name was changed (possibly at the instigation of James Chambers) soon after Stuart's return at Adelaide at the end of the expedition, such that Central Mount Stuart is the name that appeared in the published expedition journal.
OUT: The name was changed to Central Mount Stuart. (It's unclear who instigated the change.)

IN : Saint-Georges-sur-Erve is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.
OUT: Saint-Georges-sur-Erve is a commune in Mayenne, France.

IN : Eight national teams participated -- seven which qualified from earlier stages, plus England, which received an automatic berth as the host nation.
OUT: Seven teams qualified, while England, as the host nation, automatically advanced.

IN : Undertaker attempted to chokeslam Orton, but Orton countered the maneuver with an RKO that led to a two-count.
OUT: Orton countered Undertaker's chokeslam with an RKO for a two-count.

IN : The town church was built between 1471 and 1478.
OUT: The church in the town was built during the years 1471 to 1478.

IN : The Atlanta Hawks are an American professional basketball team based in Atlanta, Georgia. They are part of the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA) .
OUT: The Atlanta Hawks are an NBA team based in Atlanta, Georgia.

IN : A hierarchical data model is a data model in which the data is organized into a tree-like structure.
OUT: A data model with a tree-like structure is called hierarchical.

IN : The Schulze method is also known as Schwartz Sequential Dropping (SSD) , Cloneproof Schwartz Sequential Dropping (CSSD) , the Beatpath Method, Beatpath Winner, Path Voting, and Path Winner.
OUT: The Schulze method is also known as the Beatpath Method or Path Winner.

IN : As a result, compared to other circuits that are held on public roads, the Albert Park track has quite a smooth surface.
OUT: The Albert Park track has a smoother surface than other public road circuits.

IN : In 2003, 120 people died in an outbreak.
OUT: 120 people died in an outbreak in 2003.

IN : The Galileo spacecraft was able to determine the moon's shape in 1998, but the images remain poor.
OUT: The Galasite determined the moon's shape in 1998, but the images are poor.

IN : Massimiliano Antonio "Max" Cavalera (born August 4, 1969) is a Brazilian singer, guitarist, and songwriter.
OUT: Max Cavalera is a Brazilian singer, guitarist, and songwriter (born August 4, 1969).

IN : Two major international producers of flavors and fragrances, Firmenich and Givaudan, have their headquarters and main production facilities in Geneva.
OUT: Firmenich and Givaudan, two major international flavor and fragrance producers, are headquartered and have their main production facilities in Geneva.

IN : Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006 from observations taken between January and April 2006.
OUT: Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden announced the discovery of [something] on June 26, 2006, based on observations made between January and April 2006.

IN : Fortran allowed complicated formulas to be typed in from textbooks without the effort of reformulation.
OUT: Fortran enabled users to input complex formulas directly from textbooks.

IN : The British New Romantic band Spandau Ballet took their name from the Spandau borough in the British sector of former West Berlin.
OUT: Spandau Ballet derived their name from Berlin's Spandau borough.

IN : Croats are a South Slavic ethnic group mostly living in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and nearby countries.
OUT: Croats are primarily located in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and neighboring countries. They belong to the South Slavic ethnicity.

IN : Many voters who voted against the 1999 referendum cited the appointment of the President by a joint action of Parliament, rather than through direct election, as a fatal flaw in that referendum.
OUT: A significant number of voters in the 1999 referendum opposed it due to the method of presidential appointment, which was through Parliament instead of direct elections.

IN : David William Donald Cameron (; born 9 October 1966) is the current Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, First Lord of the Treasury, Minister for the Civil Service and Leader of the Conservative Party.
OUT: David Cameron is the current UK prime minister.

IN : The park remains fairly inaccessible by road to this day.
OUT: The park is still hard to reach by car.

IN : After a few hours, the tar starts to pour out, and continues to do so for a few days.
OUT: The tar flows for several hours and then keeps flowing for a few days.

IN : Kane caught his brother running and delivered a chokeslam but lifted his shoulders off the mat before the three count could be made, putting him into a sleeper hold that Undertaker eventually fought out of with a flurry of punches.
OUT: Kane chokeslammed his brother but didn't let the referee count to three, instead applying a sleeper hold that Undertaker escaped.

IN : In 1885, an elevated station just north of Swan Street was opened with six platforms.
OUT: In 1885, an elevated station north of Swan Street opened with six platforms.

IN : Composed of prosperous artisans, the guilds of the Meistersingers flourished here.
OUT: The guilds of Meistersingers thrived here with prosperous artisans.

IN : His father, Robert Gamble Cabell II (1847 -- 1922) , was a physician, and his mother, Anne Harris (1859 -- 1915) , was the daughter of Col. and Mrs James R. Branch.
OUT: His father, Robert Gamble Cabell II (1847-1922), was a physician, and his mother, Anne Harris (1859-1915), was the daughter of Col. and Mrs. James R. Branch.

IN : The episode deals with Bart's troubles with the bully, Nelson Muntz.
OUT: Bart faces issues with Nelson, the bully.

IN : Over time this "all-giving" goddess somehow devolved into an "all-gifted" mortal woman.
OUT: The goddess evolved into a mortal woman, gifted with all the goddess's powers.

IN : The Encyclopaedia Hebraica is a comprehensive encyclopedia in the Hebrew language that was published in the latter half of the 20th century.
OUT: A comprehensive Hebrew-language encyclopedia published in the 20th century (The Encyclopaedia Hebraica)

IN : Located in the area's main theater is Festival of the Lion King, a live stage show featuring acrobatics and musical performances inspired by The Lion King.
OUT: The main theater in the area hosts Festival of the Lion King, an acrobatics and music show inspired by The Lion King.

IN : Imperial's main campus is located in the South Kensington area of Central London on the boundary between the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea and the City of Westminster, with its main entrance on Exhibition Road.
OUT: The main campus of Imperial is in Central London's South Kensington, on the border between Kensington and Chelsea and Westminster, with its entrance on Exhibition Road.

IN : It declined in the 1940s as mining declined.
OUT: Mining declined in the 1940s, and so did it.

IN : The Seven Network (commonly known as Channel Seven or simply Seven) is an Australian television network owned by the Seven Media Group, chaired by largest shareholder Kerry Stokes.
OUT: Seven is an Australian television network owned by Seven Media Group, chaired by Kerry Stokes.

IN : The Boeing 707 is a four-engine narrow-body commercial passenger jet airliner developed by Boeing in the early 1950s.
OUT: A Boeing 707 is a 1950s-developed narrow-body jet airliner made by Boeing, with four engines.

IN : In April 2007 he was appointed interim chairman of Transparency International Kenya branch.
OUT: In April 2007, he became the interim chairman of Transparency International Kenya.

IN : Kathleen Kennedy (born June 5, 1953) is an American film producer.
OUT: Kathleen Kennedy is an American film producer.

IN : The Assistant to the President and National Security Advisor is a member of the Executive Office of the President of the United States, serving as deputy to the President's National Security Advisor.
OUT: The Assistant is a deputy National Security Advisor in the Executive Office of the President.

IN : Eiji Gaya (born 8 February 1969) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Eiji Gaya is a former Japanese football player.

IN : It is also a source of zinc ions for chemistry.
OUT: A source of zinc ions in chemistry.

IN : This festival is sponsored by relatives of the recently deceased, in appreciation of those who helped during their time of mourning.
OUT: The festival is sponsored by the deceased person's relatives as a gesture of gratitude for those who helped during their mourning.

IN : Such movies are called masala films, after the Hindi word for a spice mixture.
OUT: Masala films are named after the Hindi term for a spice blend.

IN : Moorland is a city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
OUT: Moorland is in Jefferson County, Kentucky, USA.

IN : The two had constant confrontations in the following weeks over the legitimacy of Punk's reign before they met at The Bash in a match that saw Punk get disqualified for striking the referee, leading to Hardy attacking Punk for what he saw as dodging competition (a title can not change hands on a disqualification) .
OUT: Two weeks saw continuous arguments between Punk and Hardy over Punk's title legitimacy. At The Bash, Punk was disqualified for striking the referee, prompting Hardy to attack Punk for avoiding competition.

IN : Jewish and some Christian traditions place Sunday as the first day of the week, and Monday is thus the second day of the week.
OUT: In Jewish and some Christian traditions, Sunday is the first day of the week, making Monday the second day.

IN : In classical literature (such as the novel Moby-Dick) it refers to great whales, and in Modern Hebrew, it means simply "whale."
OUT: The term "whale" has different meanings in classical literature and Modern Hebrew. In classical literature, it refers to great whales. In Modern Hebrew, it means simply "whale."

IN : The Japan Meteorological Agency or JMA, is the Japanese government's weather service.
OUT: The Japanese government operates the weather service, called JMA (Japan Meteorological Agency).

IN : Novaggio is a municipality in the district of Lugano, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
OUT: Novaggio is a Swiss municipality in the district of Lugano.

IN : Today, visitors may visit the second, third and fourth tunnels through guided tours.
OUT: Visitors can take guided tours to see the second, third, and fourth tunnels.

IN : Like its relative, the Blackbird, the Song Thrush finds animal prey by sight, has a run-and-stop hunting technique on open ground, and will rummage through leaf-litter seeking potential food items.
OUT: The Song Thrush, like the Blackbird, uses sight to find animal prey, employs a run-and-stop hunting technique on open ground, and searches for food by rummaging through leaf-litter.

IN : Oigny-en-Valois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Oigny-en-Valois is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department of Picardy.

IN : He has become known as the "Hail Mary Saint" because of this.
OUT: The "Hail Mary Saint" is now known as him.

IN : Lee County was created in 1887 from Monroe County.
OUT: Lee County was formed in 1887 from Monroe County.

IN : Dating back to 1837, the Chicago Police Department is one of the oldest modern police forces in the world.
OUT: The Chicago Police Department, founded in 1837, is among the oldest modern police forces globally.

IN : Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and rivers.
OUT: The population of subtropical or tropical moist montane habitats and rivers has declined by more than 30% in the past 15 years.

IN : Parkes railway station is situated on the Broken Hill railway line, and opened in 1893.
OUT: The railway station in Parkes is on the Broken Hill line and opened in 1893.

IN : Haloarchaea are microrganisms and members of the halophile community, in that they require high salt concentrations to grow.
OUT: Haloarchaea are microorganisms that need high salt concentrations to grow.

IN : Declination in astronomy is comparable to geographic latitude, but projected onto the celestial sphere. Declination is measured in degrees north and south of the celestial equator.
OUT: In astronomy, declination is a measurement of a celestial body's position north or south of the celestial equator.

IN : The loss of Spencer's character was addressed beginning with the episode "Election Day" , which aired on April 2, 2006.
OUT: The loss of Spencer's character was acknowledged from "Election Day" (April 2, 2006).

IN : For the most part the TAR would not change national gauges; mechanized facilities would be built to move shipping containers from train to train at the breaks of gauge.
OUT: The TAR (Trans-Asian Railway) generally does not alter national gauges. Mechanized facilities will be constructed for transferring shipping containers between trains at gauge breaks.

IN : The British Rail Class 201 (or 6S) six-car diesel-electric multiple units (DEMUs) were built in 1957-1958 at Eastleigh and Ashford.
OUT: Six-car diesel-electric multiple units (DEMUs) built for British Rail Class 201 (or 6S) in 1957-1958 at Eastleigh and Ashford.

IN : In the fall of 1993, the franchise moved to Dallas, Texas, and is now known as the Dallas Stars.
OUT: The Dallas Stars moved to Dallas, Texas, in the fall of 1993.

IN : The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde irregular satellites of Uranus (in polar co-ordinates) with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.
OUT: The diagram shows Uranus' retrograde irregular satellites' orbital eccentricities in polar coordinates.

IN : The Christmas Island Pipistrelle (Pipistrellus murrayi) is a species of vesper bat found only on Christmas Island, Australia.
OUT: The Christmas Island Pipistrelle is a bat species endemic to Christmas Island, Australia.

IN : The Undertaker then retaliated giving a Kane a Chokeslam of his own and executing his deadly finisher Tombstone piledriver into a successful pinfall, thus winning the match and remaining undefeated at WrestleMania with a 12-0 record.
OUT: The Undertaker won by giving Kane a Chokeslam and a Tombstone piledriver.

IN : Tom Felton's portrayal of Draco Malfoy in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince won him the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain in 2010.
OUT: Tom Felton won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain in 2010 for his role as Draco Malfoy in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.

IN : The Argun River flows through the northern Caucasus, Georgia, and the Chechen Republic of Russia.
OUT: The Argun River passes through the northern Caucasus, Georgia, and Russia's Chechen Republic.

IN : Some rainbands move closer to the center, forming a secondary, or outer, eyewall within intense hurricanes.
OUT: A secondary eyewall forms within intense hurricanes when certain rainbands move closer to the center.

IN : French Sudan was a colony in French West Africa that had two separate periods of existence, first from 1890 to 1899, then from 1920 to 1960, when the territory became the independent nation of Mali.
OUT: French Sudan was part of French West Africa, existing in two separate periods: from 1890 to 1899 and from 1920 to 1960, during which it became the independent nation of Mali.

IN : His poems have appeared in literary journals in the U.S. and abroad and in the anthologies Twentieth-Century American Poetry, Contemporary American Poetry, and Writing Poems.
OUT: His poems have appeared in literary journals in the U.S. and internationally, and in anthologies Twentieth-Century American Poetry, Contemporary American Poetry, and Writing Poems.

IN : In a discussion supplied by the National Hurricane Center, it stated that Omar may have peaked as a minimal Category 4 early that morning.
OUT: The National Hurricane Center reported that Omar could have been a minimal Category 4 storm early that morning.

IN : These first bones became the holotype of Stegosaurus armatus.
OUT: The holotype of Stegosaurus armatus was the first set of bones discovered.

IN : Boehner previously served as the House Minority Leader from 2007 until 2011, and House Majority Leader from 2006 until 2007.
OUT: Boehner served as House Majority Leader from 2006 to 2007, and House Minority Leader from 2007 to 2011.

IN : The dragon's nostrils are not of great use for smelling, as the animal does not have a diaphragm.
OUT: A dragon's nostrils aren't good for smelling because it doesn't have a diaphragm.

IN : In 1913, permanent grandstands were built for the first time, mostly by Tech students.
OUT: In 1913, Tech students built the first permanent grandstands.

IN : The district was created in 1993 by merging the previous districts Belzig, Brandenburg-Land and Potsdam-Land.
OUT: The district was formed in 1993 by merging Belzig, Brandenburg-Land, and Potsdam-Land.

IN : Stev consists of stanzas, that have four lines.
OUT: The sentence "Stev consists of stanzas, that have four lines. Each line has eight syllables" can be simplified to "Stev's stanzas have four lines with eight syllables each."

IN : Chloroplasts have their own genome, which is considerably reduced compared to that of free-living cyanobacteria, but the parts that are still present show clear similarities with the cyanobacterial genome.
OUT: Chloroplasts have a smaller genome than cyanobacteria, but similarities remain.

IN : On November 6, 2008, Timberlake performed the song with Madonna on the Los Angeles stop of her Sticky & Sweet Tour.
OUT: In Los Angeles during her Sticky & Sweet Tour in 2008, Madonna and Timberlake performed the song together.

IN : Helseth started to play trumpet at the age of 7 and studies at the Barratt Due Institute of Music in Oslo.
OUT: Helseth started studying trumpet at age 7 in Oslo.

IN : The English name "Snowdon" comes from the Old English' , meaning "snow hill" as Snowdon can offer significant falls of snow each winter from October to April, but in the past, rare fresh late-seasonal snow has been reported to fall on Snowdon, well into the months of May and June.
OUT: The English name "Snowdon" means "snow hill." Snowdon experiences significant snowfall each winter, from October to April. Occasionally, late-season snow falls in May and June.

IN : When Bates arrived home in 1859 after a full eleven years, he had sent back over 14,000 species (mostly of insects) of which 8,000 were new to science.
OUT: Bates returned home in 1859 after eleven years, having discovered over 8,000 new-to-science species, mostly insects (around 14,000 in total).

IN : Albury has a urban population of 53,507 people. It is separated from its twin city in Victoria, Wodonga by the Murray River.
OUT: The urban population of Albury is 53,507, and it is situated across the Murray River from Wodonga.

IN : They attract matter like any other mass, but objects falling towards a white hole would never actually reach the white hole's event horizon (though in the case of the maximally extended Schwarzschild solution, discussed below, the white hole event horizon in the past becomes a black hole event horizon in the future, so any object falling towards it will eventually reach the black hole horizon) . In quantum mechanics, the black hole emits Hawking radiation, and so can come to thermal equilibrium with a gas of radiation.
OUT: White holes do not attract matter permanently, and they emit Hawking radiation, allowing them to reach thermal equilibrium with surrounding radiation.

IN : Sokka is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series Avatar: The Last Airbender.
OUT: Sokka is a character in Avatar: The Last Airbender.

IN : Samuel "Sammy" Adjei (born 1 September 1980 in Accra, Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Accra Hearts of Oak SC.
OUT: Samuel Adjei, born in Accra, Ghana, is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Accra Hearts of Oak SC.

IN : Edits by spambots constitute unauthorised defacement of websites, which is against the law in many countries, and may result in complaints to ISPs and (ultimately) prosecution.
OUT: Unauthorized editing by spambots is illegal defacement of websites in many countries, leading to ISP complaints and potential prosecution.

IN : Universities would recruit more players than they had roster space for.
OUT: Universities would recruit more athletes than they could accommodate.

IN : It is named after the mythological Carme, mother by Zeus of Britomartis, a Cretan goddess.
OUT: The goddess Britomartis was named after Carme, her mythological mother, whom Zeus fathered.

IN : The aim in doing this was to prove that DES's key is not long enough to be secure.
OUT: The goal was to show that DES's key is too short for security.

IN : He is horrified by the prospect of this being his future, but Daffy tells him that it can be avoided if he stops taking drugs.
OUT: Daffy tells him he can avoid this future by stopping drug use.

IN : Aguilera signed to RCA Records after recording "Reflection" , the theme song for the animated film Mulan (1998) .
OUT: After recording "Reflection" for Mulan, Aguilera signed with RCA Records.

IN : However, it was dropped just before the finale was finished, as requested by show co-creator Michael Dante DiMartino.
OUT: The finale was dropped before completion, as per DiMartino's request.

IN : In 1878 the University set another first when it became the first university in the UK to admit women on equal terms with men.
OUT: The University was the first in the UK to admit women on equal terms with men in 1878.

IN : There must be a direct object for an indirect object to be placed in a sentence.
OUT: A direct object is required for an indirect object to appear in a sentence.

IN : Hurricane Iniki was the costliest hurricane to strike the state of Hawaii, causing $ 1.8 billion ($ 2.6 billion in 2004 US dollars) in damage.
OUT: Hurricane Iniki caused $1.8 billion (approximately $2.6 billion in 2004 US dollars) in damage, making it the costliest hurricane to hit Hawaii.

IN : It includes the ceremonial counties of Essex, Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Norfolk and Suffolk.
OUT: The ceremonial counties of Essex, Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Norfolk, and Suffolk are included.

IN : La Chapelle-aux-Choux is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
OUT: The commune of La Chapelle-aux-Choux is in the Sarthe department, which is part of the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.

IN : It may be anthropocentric to do so, since "valuation" more clearly refers to a human perception rather than being an "objective" attribute of the system perceived.
OUT: A more human-centered perspective considers "valuation" a subjective assessment.

IN : Plinian eruptions, also known as ` Vesuvian eruptions' , are volcanic eruptions marked by their similarity to the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in AD 79 (as described in a letter written by Pliny the Younger, and which killed his uncle Pliny the Elder) .
OUT: Plinian eruptions, also called Vesuvian eruptions, are large, explosive volcanic eruptions.

IN : She has won a Screen Actors Guild Award for outstanding ensemble performance and the 2009 Satellite Award for best actress.
OUT: She has won two awards: a Screen Actors Guild Award for ensemble performance and a Satellite Award for best actress.

IN : After the conclusion of the Second World War the War Advertising Council changed its name to the Advertising Council and shifted its focus to peacetime campaigns.
OUT: The Advertising Council changed focus to peacetime campaigns after WWII.

IN : More than 16,000 people sought help from FEMA's disaster service centers.
OUT: Over 16,000 people sought help from FEMA.

IN : Dennis wrote in his autograph book, "Phone me in nine years, we'll sort something out then."
OUT: In nine years, Dennis asked to be contacted.

IN : In the United States, it became her third single to top the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
OUT: Her third single reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 in the US.

IN : The giant wants them to commit suicide, but they endure the ordeal until Christian realizes that a key he has, called Promise, will open all the doors and gates of Doubting Castle.
OUT: But they endure the ordeal until Christian finds the key called Promise, which opens all the doors and gates of Doubting Castle.

IN : Originally known as the Airport Railway Phase 2, the contracts of the West Rail Line Interface Works were awarded shortly after construction works of the West Rail commenced.
OUT: The West Rail Line Interface Works contracts were awarded soon after West Rail construction began.

IN : Later they were hooked up to computer front ends.
OUT: They were connected to computer front ends.

IN : The Summary for Policymakers for the Working Group III report was released on 4 May 2007.
OUT: The Summary for Policymakers for Working Group III was released on May 4, 2007.

IN : Part of the uniqueness of Coleman's early sound came from his use of a plastic saxophone.
OUT: Coleman's early sound was unique due to his use of a plastic saxophone.

IN : The draft is very odious in the State... the Democratic leaders have succeeded in exciting prejudice and passion, and have infused their poison into the minds of the people to a very large extent, and the changes are against us.
OUT: The Democratic leaders have stirred up strong prejudice and passion against the draft in the State.

IN : "Come Together" is a song by The Beatles written primarily by John Lennon and credited to Lennon\/McCartney.
OUT: "Come Together" is a song by The Beatles, written by John Lennon.

IN : Recently widowed but assisted by her foster mother, Jane Irwin Findlay, who was then seventy-three, she acted as his official hostess during Harrison's brief tenure in office, which lasted for a month in 1841.
OUT: Jane Irwin Findlay, seventy-three, acted as hostess during Harrison's one-month presidency in 1841, assisting the recently widowed Jane.

IN : In January 2011, he shot the movie Sisters and Brothers with Dustin Milligan, and it was announced that Monteith is at the center of a new untitled workplace comedy, starring and co-producing.
OUT: He filmed Sisters and Brothers with Dustin Milligan in January 2011, and is starring and co-producing a new untitled workplace comedy.

IN : Libations are shared, generally with a common chalice, Kikombe cha Umoja, passed around to all celebrants.
OUT: Everyone takes turns drinking from a communal chalice called Kikombe cha Umoja.

IN : The French were successful in reconquering Milan two years later, however.
OUT: The French reconquered Milan two years later.

IN : Young married three times.
OUT: The sentence "Young married three times" is already in its simplest form. It consists of a subject "Young" and a predicate "married three times." There are no unnecessary words or phrases, and the meaning is clear. Therefore, there is no need to simplify this sentence further.

IN : Over the course of the strip's run, it was revealed that Snoopy had been born and raised at the Daisy Hill Puppy Farm.
OUT: During the comic strip's duration, it was disclosed that Snoopy came from Daisy Hill Puppy Farm.

IN : The most frost-hardy species, such as Cyclamen purpurascens, Cyclamen hederifolium, Cyclamen coum, and Cyclamen cilicium, tolerate temperatures down to -20 C. Cyclamen hederifolium has even survived prolonged freezing and temperatures down to -30 C.
OUT: The frost-hardy Cyclamen species, including Cyclamen purpurascens, Cyclamen hederifolium, Cyclamen coum, and Cyclamen cilicium, can withstand temperatures as low as -20 degrees Celsius. Cyclamen hederifolium has

IN : The Pacific Division is the successor of the Smythe Division, though of the current teams, only the Los Angeles Kings, Phoenix Coyotes (as the Winnipeg Jets) and San Jose Sharks played in the Smythe Division.
OUT: The Pacific Division is currently composed of the Los Angeles Kings, Phoenix Coyotes (formerly the Winnipeg Jets), and San Jose Sharks, as these teams were once part of the Smythe Division.

IN : Reinforcements led by William Phillips (who served under Burgoyne at Saratoga) arrived in late March, and Phillips led further raids across Virginia, including a defeat of Baron von Steuben at Petersburg, until his death of fever on May 12, 1781.
OUT: William Phillips, aided by reinforcements, conducted raids in Virginia from late March to May 11, 1781, culminating in a defeat of Baron von Steuben at Petersburg before his death from fever.

IN : The number of districts rose to 106 again in December 2004, when four new districts were created in the province of Sindh of which one (Umerkot) had existed until 2000 and three districts (Kashmore, Qambar and Jamshoro) were newly created.
OUT: The number of districts in Sindh province increased to 106 in December 2004, with the creation of three new districts (Kashmore, Qambar, and Jamshoro) and the reinstatement of one former district (Umerkot).

IN : About 64 % of the damage and 68 % of the deaths occurred in North Carolina and Virginia.
OUT: Approximately 64% of the damage and 68% of the deaths happened in North Carolina and Virginia.

IN : Performing arts include the dance, music, opera, drama, magic, Spoken word, circus arts and musicals.
OUT: The performing arts include dance, music, opera, drama, magic, spoken word, circus arts, and musicals.

IN : To most bishops, the teachings of Arius were heretical and dangerous to the salvation of souls.
OUT: Bishops considered Arius' teachings heretical and harmful to salvation.

IN : In his spare time, he enjoys playing ping pong, sunbathing while clad in a lime green "mankini" , disco dancing, spitting, sitting on comfortable chairs, and taking pictures of women while they "make toilet" .
OUT: In his free time, he enjoys playing ping pong, sunbathing, disco dancing, and taking pictures of women. The explicit and unnecessary details have been removed.

IN : Classified advertising is called such because it is generally grouped within the publication under headings classifying the product or service being offered (headings such as Accounting, Automobiles, Clothing, e, For Sale, For Rent, etc.) and is grouped entirely in a distinct section of the periodical, which makes it distinct from display advertising, which often contains graphics or other art work and which is more typically distributed throughout a publication adjacent to editorial content.
OUT: Classified ads are organized by category and appear in a separate section of a publication. They differ from display ads, which have graphics and are interspersed with

IN : Redding is a city in Ringgold County, Iowa, United States.
OUT: Redding is a city in Iowa.

IN : Going into his second season in 2008, Whisenhunt made the decision to go with veteran quarterback Kurt Warner as his starter.
OUT: In his second season in 2008, Whisenhunt chose Kurt Warner as his starting quarterback.

IN : As with most computer game expansion packs, Beyond the Dark Portal requires a full version of the original game to run.
OUT: Beyond the Dark Portal needs the original game to function.

IN : Mercer University is an independent, private, coeducational university with a Baptist heritage located in the U.S. state of Georgia.
OUT: Mercer is a private, coeducational university in Georgia with Baptist roots.

IN : This causes the plant to become inspected, and in order to prevent it from being shut down, Mr. Burns decides to run for governor.
OUT: Mr. Burns runs for governor to prevent plant shutdown.

IN : When she was selected to appear on the Saturday morning children's television show Scratchy and Co. .
OUT: She was excited and nervous when selected for Scratchy and Co.

IN : Mizoram became the 23rd state of India on 20 February 1987.
OUT: Mizoram became India's 23rd state on February 20, 1987.

IN : Kallista had 118 emerald-cut diamonds.
OUT: Kallista had 118 emerald-cut diamonds. (There is no need to simplify this sentence as it is already grammatically correct and clear in meaning.)

IN : Note that snakes and other legless reptiles are considered tetrapods because they are descended from ancestors who had a full complement of limbs.
OUT: Snakes and other legless reptiles are tetrapods due to their ancestry with limbed creatures.

IN : The first occurred on the first week of October; Brutus faced Octavian, while Antony's forces were up against those of Cassius.
OUT: The first event happened in the first week of October. Brutus confronted Octavian, while Cassius' forces clashed with Antony's.

IN : Levon Aronian (; born 6 October 1982 in Yerevan) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster, and the reigning World Blitz Chess Champion.
OUT: Aronian is an Armenian chess Grandmaster and the current World Blitz Chess Champion.

IN : The alignment of the Shyok river is very unusual, originating from the Rimo glacier, it flows in a southeasternly direction and joining the Pangong range, it takes a northwestern turn, flowing parallel to its previous path.
OUT: The Shyok river originates from Rimo glacier and flows in a southeastern direction before joining the Pangong range. It then takes a northwestern turn and runs parallel to its previous path.

IN : The logical classification of network topologies generally follows the same classifications as those in the physical classifications of network topologies but describes the path that the data takes between nodes being used as opposed to the actual physical connections between nodes.
OUT: Logical network topology classifications mirror physical ones, focusing on data flow between nodes rather than actual connections.

IN : Thermodynamic potentials are very useful when calculating the equilibrium results of a chemical reaction, or when measuring the properties of materials in a chemical reaction.
OUT: Thermodynamic potentials are useful in calculating equilibrium results and measuring material properties in chemical reactions.

IN : San Marino's postage stamps, which are valid for mail only within the country, are mostly sold to philatelists and are a source of income.
OUT: San Marino sells most of its stamps to philatelists for use within the country.

IN : Near the border with Bangladesh the Farakka Barrage, built in 1974, controls the flow of the Ganges, diverting some of the water into a feeder canal linking the Hooghly to keep it relatively silt-free.
OUT: The FarraKka Barrage, built in 1974, diverts some water from the Ganges into a feeder canal to keep the Hooghly relatively silt-free, located near the Bangladesh border.

IN : The sculpture was commissioned in 2003; construction overran and the official unveiling was delayed until 12 January 2005.
OUT: The sculpture was unveiled on 12 January 2005. (The simplified sentence only mentions the fact that the sculpture was unveiled on that date, without going into the reasons why it was delayed.)

IN : Tyutcheva said the children had been taught not to discuss Rasputin with her and were careful to hide his visits from the nursery staff.
OUT: The children were warned not to mention Rasputin to Tyutcheva and concealed his visits from the nursery workers.

IN : The Kings of Arms are authorised in their patents of appointment to grant (with the consent of the Earl Marshal) to "eminent men" , a phrase which first appeared in the patent of appointment of Stephen Leake as Clarenceux King of Arms in 1741.
OUT: The Kings of Arms can grant (with the Earl Marshal's consent) the title to "eminent men." This title was first granted in the patent of appointment for Clarenceux King of Arms, Stephen Leake, in 1741.

IN : Because LFSRs are inherently linear, one technique for removing the linearity is to feed the outputs of several parallel LFSRs into a non-linear Boolean function to form a combination generator.
OUT: To remove the linearity in LFSRs, combine the outputs of several parallel LFSRs using a non-linear Boolean function.

IN : The development of a sufficiently powerful microscope by Anton van Leeuwenhoek in 1675 provided visual evidence of living particles consistent with a germ theory of disease.
OUT: Anton van Leeuwenhoek's microscope discovery in 1675 revealed living particles supporting the germ theory of disease.

IN : Stresemann was co-winner of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1926 for these achievements.
OUT: Stresemann won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1926 for his achievements.

IN : The threads may execute the same or different code.
OUT: The threads may run identical or distinct code.

IN : The French and Indian War is the common U.S. name for the war between Great Britain and France in North America from 1754 to 1763.
OUT: The French and Indian War (1754-1763) was a conflict between Great Britain and France in North America.

IN : It was rumored that his former pupil and Nazi Party member, Martin Heidegger, informed Husserl that he was discharged, but Heidegger later denied this, labeling it as slander.
OUT: Heidegger denied rumors of informing Husserl about his dismissal.

IN : Opal was the ninth hurricane and the strongest of the abnormally active 1995 Atlantic hurricane season.
OUT: Opal was the strongest hurricane of the active 1995 Atlantic season. (Note: The number of hurricanes in a season can vary, so it's not accurate to specify a rank without also specifying a total number of storms.)

IN : Scarlino appeared before the year 100 as a possession of the Aldobrandeschi family, and was later handed over to the bishops of Roselle and then the Alberti family.
OUT: Scarlino was owned by the Aldobrandeschi family before 100, then given to the bishops of Roselle, and later to the Alberti family.

IN : On his return to England, he noticed that boys showed considerable interest in the book, which was used by teachers and youth organizations.
OUT: When he got back to England, he saw that boys were eager to read the book, which teachers and youth groups used.

IN : The building was founded in the 18th century as a brass factory.
OUT: The building is a 18th-century brass factory.

IN : Seasonal references in the Hebrew calendar reflect its development in the region east of the Mediterranean and the times and climate of the Northern Hemisphere.
OUT: The Hebrew calendar's seasonal references reflect its origins in the Eastern Mediterranean and the Northern Hemisphere's climate.

IN : Some aquatic turtles, such as snapping turtles and soft-shelled turtles, have eyes closer to the top of the head.
OUT: Certain aquatic turtles, including snapping turtles and soft-shelled turtles, have eyes near the top of their heads.

IN : McClane dispatches all but one of Gabriel's henchmen, but Gabriel still holds Lucy and Farrell hostage. Gabriel's henchman, Emerson, shoots McClane in his shoulder and Gabriel makes McClane watch as he prepares to kill Lucy and Farrell.
OUT: McClane defeats most of Gabriel's henchmen, but Gabriel continues to hold Lucy and Farrell hostage. Emerson shoots McClane and Gabriel threatens to kill Lucy and Farrell.

IN : Officially named in French Les internationaux de France de Roland-Garros or Tournoi de Roland-Garros (the "French Internationals of Roland Garros" or "Roland Garros Tournament" in English) , the tournament is often referred to as the "French Open" and always as "Roland Garros" in French.
OUT: The French Open, also known as Roland Garros, is a tennis tournament.

IN : Laffy Taffy is a brand of candy first produced in the 1970s.
OUT: Laffy Taffy is a brand of candy introduced in the 1970s.

IN : Externally it resembled a steam tender locomotive, although, in the case of GT3, the tender carried diesel fuel.
OUT: The GT3 looked like a steam tender locomotive externally, but its tender held diesel fuel.

IN : Death Angel was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area, California, in 1982 by cousins Rob Cavestany (lead guitar) , Dennis Pepa (vocals, bass) , Gus Pepa (rhythm guitar) , and Andy Galeon (drums) .
OUT: Death Angel was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area, California, in 1982 by cousins Rob Cavestany, Dennis Pepa, Gus Pepa, and Andy Galeon.

IN : Male lord-lieutenants wear a dark blue uniform in the style of an Army No. 1 dress along with a cap and sword with a steel scabbard.
OUT: Male lord-lieutenants wear dark blue Army No. 1-style uniforms, caps, and swords with steel scabbards.

IN : Its county seat is Kenosha.
OUT: The county seat of Kenosha.

IN : As a result, Gambon was asked by James Bond producer Cubby Broccoli to audition for the role in 1970, to replace George Lazenby.
OUT: Gambon auditioned for the role of James Bond in 1970, replacing George Lazenby.

IN : The jaws of Rhamphorhynchus housed needle-like teeth, which were angled forward, with a curved, sharp, beak-like tip lacking teeth, indicating a diet mainly of fish and insects.
OUT: Rhamphorhynchus had fish and insect-eating teeth: its jaws held forward-angled, needle-like teeth, while its beak was curved and beak-like, without teeth.

IN : Coldplay have since accepted Harvey as the fifth member of the group.
OUT: Coldplay added Harvey as a member.

IN : Transportation of abalone may only legally occur while the abalone is still attached in the shell.
OUT: Legally, abalone must be transported with their shells on.

IN : She decided to study to become a beautician instead of pursuing music.
OUT: She chose to be a beautician over music studies.

IN : Pauline dissipated on October 10 while over Jalisco.
OUT: Pauline disappeared over Jalisco on October 10.

IN : Plato, Xenophon, and Aristotle are the main sources for the historical Socrates; however, Xenophon and Plato were direct disciples of Socrates, and presumably, they idealize him; however, they wrote the only continuous descriptions of Socrates that have come down to us. Aristotle refers frequently, but in passing, to Socrates in his writings.
OUT: Plato and Xenophon, as Socrates' disciples, provide the primary accounts of him, while Aristotle makes occasional references.

IN : It was released in October 2003 as the second and final single from his compilation album, Greatest Hits Volume II.
OUT: The second and final single from his Greatest Hits Volume II album was released in October 2003.

IN : The borough council unsuccessfully applied for city status in 1965, 2000 and again in 2002.
OUT: The borough council made three unsuccessful attempts to gain city status, in 1965, 2000, and 2002.

IN : This class of multiple unit was constructed using the Mark 1 bodyshell and was slam door.
OUT: This multiple unit was built with the Mark 1 bodyshell and has slam doors.

IN : Since its origin, the event has been held only in indoor arenas in the United States.
OUT: The event has been held indoors in the U.S. since its inception.

IN : The final DVD of season one contains a whimsical trailer for the second season.
OUT: A trailer for season two is on the last DVD of season one.

IN : Later he attended Harvard summer school and gained an M.A. from Livingstone College and an LL. D. from Wilberforce University.
OUT: He earned degrees from Harvard, Livingstone College, and Wilberforce University.

IN : In response to this raid, Darius swore to burn down Athens and Eretria.
OUT: Darius vowed to destroy Athens and Eretria after the raid.

IN : They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are shelled cephalopods related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, and cuttlefish, and more distantly to the nautiloids.
OUT: An extinct group of shelled cephalopods includes ammonoids. They are related to squids, belemnites, octopuses, cuttlefish, and nautiloids.

IN : Father Armand David (27 September 1826 near Bayonne -- 10 November 1900 in Paris) was a Lazarist missionary Catholic priest as well as a zoologist and a botanist.
OUT: Armand David was a Catholic priest and a scientist (zoologist and botanist) from France.

IN : Its inaccessibility was enhanced by having Eaglehawk Neck lined with guards and guard dogs, to prevent the escape of any convicts.
OUT: Eaglehawk Neck was guarded to prevent convict escapes.

IN : At Frankfort, it is joined by Benson Creek.
OUT: The Elbe River is joined by Benson Creek at Frankfort.

IN : In the United States, "yogurt'" is the usual spelling and "yoghurt" a minor variant.
OUT: The usual spelling of yogurt in the United States is "yogurt." The spelling "yoghurt" is used less frequently.

IN : She was the fashionable young daughter of his personal friend Sir Dinshaw Petit, of an elite Parsi family of Bombay.
OUT: She was the fashionable daughter of Sir Dinshaw Petit, a prominent Parsi family member in Bombay.

IN : At the 2000 census the population was 2,731.
OUT: The population was 2,731 according to the 2000 census.

IN : It is 55 m northwest of Belfast and 30 m east of Derry, both of which are linked by major roads and railway connections.
OUT: It is located 55 m northwest of Belfast and 30 m east of Derry, with major roads and railway connections between them.

IN : Fossil taxa are known from throughout Laurasia.
OUT: Fossils are found in Laurasia.

IN : The albatrosses are a group of large to very large birds; they are the largest of the procellariiformes.
OUT: The albatrosses are the largest birds in the procellariiformes group.

IN : On July 1, 2006, Haslen incorporated the neighbouring municipalities of Leuggelbach and Nidfurn.
OUT: Haslen incorporated Leuggelbach and Nidfurn on July 1, 2006.

IN : In 1995, he joined Merrill Lynch as head of Asian foreign exchange in Singapore.
OUT: He joined Merrill Lynch as head of Asian foreign exchange in Singapore in 1995.

IN : Thomas Andrew Huddlestone (born 28 December 1986) is an English footballer who plays for Tottenham Hotspur and the England national team.
OUT: Thomas Huddlestone is an English footballer for Tottenham Hotspur and the England team. (born 1986)

IN : Nevermore incorporates elements from a variety of metal sub-genres, making it difficult to categorize Nevermore's music.
OUT: Nevermore's music is a mix of different metal sub-genres.

IN : Jean-Jacques Rousseau (28 June 1712 - 2 July 1778) was a major Genevan philosopher, writer, and composer of 18th-century Romanticism.
OUT: Rousseau was a major philosopher, writer, and composer from Geneva during the 18th century.

IN : Davis's grandson was impressed that she was the subject of a hit song and Davis considered it a compliment, writing to both Carnes and the songwriters, and accepting the gift of gold and platinum records from Carnes, and hanging them on her wall.
OUT: The grandson of Davis was moved when he learned that a hit song had been written about her. Davis viewed this as a compliment and was grateful. Carnes presented her with gold and platinum records, which Davis accepted and displayed on her wall.

IN : The Proteobacteria are a major group (phylum) of bacteria.
OUT: The Proteobacteria are a significant bacterial phylum.

IN : Parkes is located on the Australian transcontinental railway line, and the Newell Highway linking Victoria to Queensland.
OUT: Parkes is on the Australian transcontinental railway and Newell Highway.

IN : 1 This match was played at Panthessaliko Stadium in Volos because AE Larissa's ground (Alkazar Stadium in Larissa) would not meet UEFA standards.
OUT: The match was held at Panthessaliko Stadium in Volos instead of Alkazar Stadium in Larissa due to UEFA standards.

IN : Jessie Redmon Fauset (April 27, 1882 -- April 30, 1961) was an American editor, poet, essayist and novelist.
OUT: Jessie Redmon Fauset was an American editor, writer.

IN : The following example sentence shows the formatting produced by
OUT: "This sentence in LaTeX demonstrates the \text{} command formatting: 'The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.'"

IN : Oll, who was married, fell into severe depression after he divorced.
OUT: Oll, a married man, became severely depressed after his divorce.

IN : Released on October 31, 2000, it is the first half of the Bizzar Bizaar double album, released the same day as its companion album, Bizaar.
OUT: The first half of Bizzar Released on October 31, 2000.

IN : Mulhouse is the chief city of an arrondissement of the Haut-Rhin department, of which it is a sub-prefecture.
OUT: Mulhouse is a sub-prefecture and major city in the Haut-Rhin department.

IN : In 2010 she made it to the Azerbaijani national final for the chance to represent Azerbaijan in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany.
OUT: She reached the Azerbaijani national final for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany (2010).

IN : It is most commonly measured in forestry; sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year, within a given patch of forest.
OUT: The most common definition of sustainable forestry in forestry is: It does not remove more wood in a year than grows in that year, within a specific forest area.

IN : In response, concern has been raised that spreading unfounded information about the medical risks of vaccines increases rates of life-threatening infections, not only in the children whose parents refused vaccinations, but also in other children, perhaps too young for vaccines, who could contract infections from unvaccinated carriers (see herd immunity) .
OUT: The spreading of unfounded information about medical risks of vaccines increases life-threatening infection rates in both unvaccinated children and other children. (Herd immunity may apply to the latter group.)

IN : OF2 reacts with many metals to yield oxides and fluorides.
OUT: OF2 reacts with metals to form oxides and fluorides.

IN : Papirius Dionysius was executed too.
OUT: The sentence is already simplified. However, if you meant to ask for a simplified version of a more complex sentence that includes this one, please provide the original sentence.

IN : He warned parents that Tinky Winky could be a hidden homosexual symbol, because "he is purple, the gay pride color, and his antenna is shaped like a triangle: the gay pride symbol" .
OUT: He claimed Tinky Winky is a hidden homosexual symbol due to his purple color and triangular antenna.

IN : The Iroquois refer to themselves as the "Haudenosaunee" , which means "People of the Longhouse," or more accurately, "They Are Building a Long House."
OUT: The Iroquois call themselves Haudenosaunee, meaning 'People of the Longhouse.'

IN : The federal death row is in Terre Haute at the Terre Haute Federal Correctional Complex.
OUT: The federal death row is located at the Terre Haute Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute.

IN : Streicher was found guilty of crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg War Crimes Trial and sentenced to death on October 1, 1946.
OUT: Streicher was sentenced to death for crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg trial in 1946.

IN : At Bragg he trained with Major Phil Young, who was his team leader in the Special Forces, and has participated in several long distance road races, often being enthusiastically greeted by the audiences for his determination.
OUT: At Bragg, Major Phil Young, my team leader in the Special Forces, trained me. I've completed several long-distance road races, drawing cheers from spectators for my determination.

IN : Wilhelmus "Wim" Maria Jonk (born 12 October 1966 in Volendam) is a retired Dutch footballer.
OUT: Wim Jonk, born 12 October 1966 in Volendam, is a retired Dutch footballer.

IN : Many, but not all slides are also designed to double as life rafts in case of a water landing.
OUT: Some slides are not designed as life rafts.

IN : Lowestoft (, , or) is a town in the county of Suffolk, England, lying between The Broads. Lowestoft Harbour heads towards North Sea.
OUT: Lowestoft is a town in Suffolk, England, by the North Sea.

IN : The University of Virginia was founded opened in 1825, and was Jefferson's project.
OUT: The University of Virginia was founded by Jefferson in 1825.

IN : Dante claims to have first met Beatrice Portinari, daughter of Folco Portinari, at age nine, and claims to have fallen in love "at first sight" , apparently without even speaking to her.
OUT: Dante claims to have met Beatrice Portinari, daughter of Folco Portinari, at age nine and fallen in love with her instantly, without speaking to her.

IN : Taken together, Iraq and Kuwait sat on top of some 20 percent of the world's known oil reserves; as an article of comparison, Saudi Arabia holds 25 percent.
OUT: The combined oil reserves of Iraq and Kuwait account for approximately 20% of the world's known oil reserves. Saudi Arabia, in comparison, holds around 25%.

IN : The Macquarie River starts below the locality of White Rock near Oberon at an elevation of 671m.
OUT: The Macquarie River begins near White Rock, Oberon, at an elevation of 671 meters.

IN : The marriage fell apart quickly and they separated.
OUT: The sentence is already simplified. The original sentence and the simplified sentence mean the same thing.

IN : Users tear the side or top and squeeze the ketchup out of the ketchup packets.
OUT: Users squeeze ketchup from packets.

IN : Belleydoux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
OUT: Belleydoux is a commune in Ain, France.

IN : Neuvillette is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Neuvillette is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department.

IN : Sylvester J. Pussycat, Jr. , or simply Sylvester Junior (he is also referred to as "Spoiled Brat") , is the son of Sylvester the cat. Junior first appeared in the 1949 short Pop ` im Pop, directed by Robert McKimson and eventually appeared in a total of 11 shorts in the Golden age.
OUT: Sylvester Junior, also known as "

IN : This explains why the resulting flag of Hawaii was a deliberate hybrid of the two nations' flags.
OUT: The resulting flag of Hawaii is a deliberate hybrid of the two nations' flags.

IN : It has a wide range of desktop and rescue software available and can be loaded entirely into RAM, or installed to a hard drive.
OUT: The software can be loaded entirely into RAM or installed to a hard drive, with a wide range of desktop and rescue options available.

IN : Bulgakov wrote the play "Batum" glorifying Stalin's early revolutionary activity, but the play was banned by Stalin. However, Stalin had enjoyed another of Bulgakov's plays, The Days of the Turbins (1926) and found work for him at a small Moscow theater, and then the Moscow Art Theatre.
OUT: Bulgakov wrote "Batum" praising Stalin's early revolutionary activity, but the play was banned. Stalin, however, appreciated another of Bulgakov's works, "The Days of the Turbins" (1926), and offered him jobs at a small

IN : In talks to church members, he has compared people involved in free sex, including gay people, to "dirty dung-eating dogs" and prophesied that "gays will be eliminated" in a "purge on God's orders."
OUT: He has compared gay people and those involved in free sex to "dirty dung-eating dogs" and predicted their elimination on God's orders.

IN : Like many other string instruments, the double bass is played either with a bow (arco) or by plucking the strings (pizzicato) .
OUT: A common way to play the double bass is with a bow (arco) or by plucking the strings (pizzicato).

IN : An amateur astronomer and post office employee, Hencke was looking for 4 Vesta when he stumbled on Astraea.
OUT: An amateur astronomer found Astraea while searching for 4 Vesta.

IN : About a year into her travels with Xena, her scrolls about Xena's exploits begin to gain popularity, apparently helping, according to Ares, turn Xena into a legend.
OUT: Around a year after traveling with Xena, Gabrielle's scrolls detailing Xena's deeds become popular, making Xena a legend, as Ares claims.

IN : Music as an academic discipline mainly focuses on three career paths, music performance, music education (training music teachers) , and musicology (theory, history, etc.) .
OUT: Music mainly offers three career paths: performance, education, and musicology.

IN : The Distrito Nacional was created in 1936. Prior to this, the Distrito National was the old Santo Domingo Province, in existence since the country's independence in 1844.
OUT: The Distrito Nacional was established in 1936. Before then, it was known as the Santo Domingo Province.

IN : This features the band System of a Down and depicts genocides of the past century, with a focus on the Armenian Genocide of 1915.
OUT: The sentence focuses on the Armenian Genocide of 1915, depicting it with System of a Down as the band involved.

IN : He had ordered his convoy to stop and return fire, instead of choosing the safer option of driving on in his touring car or transferring to the safety of the accompanying armored car, as his companion, Emmet Dalton, had wished.
OUT: He chose to stop and fight instead of continuing in the touring car or transferring to the armored car, against his companion's advice.

IN : Newfoundland and Labrador's capital and largest city, St. John's, is Canada's twentieth-largest Census Metropolitan Area, and is home to nearly 40 percent of the province's population. St. John's is the seat of government, home to the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador and the highest court in the jurisdiction, the Newfoundland and Labrador Court of Appeal.
OUT: St. John's, the capital and largest city of Newfoundland and Labrador, is home to about 40% of the province's population and ranks as Canada

IN : She began her career as a viola player, but soon became well-known for her compositions and became a full-time composer.
OUT: She started as a viola player but gained fame for her compositions and now composes full-time.

IN : The British Rail 4-REP electric multiple units were built by BR at York Works from 1966-1967 and 1974.
OUT: British Rail built 4-REP electric multiple units at York Works between 1966 and 1967, and again in 1974.

IN : With a mass of 1.0243 kg, Neptune is an intermediate body between Earth and the larger gas giants: its mass is seventeen times that of the Earth but just 1\/19th that of Jupiter.
OUT: Neptune has a mass of 1.0243 kg more than seventeen times that of Earth's mass. It is smaller than Jupiter, having a mass only one nineteenth of Jupiter's mass.

IN : Oeschgen is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
OUT: The municipality of Oeschgen is located in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland, within the district of Laufenburg.

IN : In a duel with him, Percy is nearly killed.
OUT: Percy comes close to being killed in a duel with him.

IN : Either quotation marks or italic type can emphasize that an instance of a word refers to the word itself rather than its associated concept.
OUT: One way to emphasize that a word refers to itself is by using quotation marks or italic type. Both methods can achieve the same effect.

IN : Grandlup-et-Fay is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Grandlup-et-Fay is a commune in northern France's Aisne department.

IN : Griffin received her third Grammy nomination for "Kathy Griffin does the Bible Belt" .
OUT: Griffin received her third Grammy nomination for "Kathy Griffin does the Bible Belt".

IN : I am as free as nature first made man, Ere the base laws of servitude began, When wild in woods the noble savage ran.
OUT: I am as free as the original man in nature before the existence of servitude laws.

IN : Rabat's history began with a settlement, known as Chellah on the banks of the Oued Bou Regreg in the third century BC.
OUT: Rabat's history started with a third-century BC settlement at Chellah on the Oued Bou Regreg.

IN : Because the line-height is reduced, the effect of the quotation is different than merely indenting the text.
OUT: The effect of reducing line-height is different than indenting text.

IN : Strings longer than 500 are not truncated to 500.
OUT: Strings over 500 length are not shortened.

IN : Timothy Zachery Mosley (born March 10, 1971) , better known by his stage name Timbaland, is an American record producer, singer-songwriter, actor, musician and rapper.
OUT: Timbaland is an American record producer, singer-songwriter, actor, musician, and rapper.

IN : It is approximately 166 f above sea level, and has a population of 5,708.
OUT: The temperature is about 166 degrees Fahrenheit, and the population is 5,708.

IN : This stood at 79,491 for a game against Arsenal but has since been surpassed, although it does remain Manchester City's largest League crowd.
OUT: The largest Manchester City League crowd was 79,491 for a game against Arsenal.

IN : features a 3-D audio presentation starring comedian Drew Carey.
OUT: Drew Carey provides a 3-D audio performance.

IN : Taj Mahal has received two Grammy Awards (nine nominations) over his career.
OUT: Taj Mahal has received two Grammy Awards.

IN : A study published in the International Journal of Obesity (11 January 2005) also found that the consumption of low-fat yoghurt can promote weight loss, especially due to the calcium in the yoghurt.
OUT: A 2005 study in the International Journal of Obesity found that low-fat yogurt consumption promotes weight loss, likely due to its calcium content.

IN : Under Australia's common law system, the High Court of Australia and the Federal Court of Australia have the authority to interpret constitutional provisions.
OUT: The High Court and Federal Court have constitutional interpretation authority in Australia.

IN : Despite competition from formats such as 828, 126, 110, and APS, it remains so today.
OUT: It still holds true in the face of competition from various formats like 828, 126, 110, and APS.

IN : In 960, Bruno I, Archbishop of Cologne transferred St Patroclus's relics from Troyes and buried them in 964 at St Patroclus's Cathedral in Soest, where he is still today venerated.
OUT: In 960, Archbishop Bruno of Cologne moved St Patroclus's relics from Troyes and buried them in Soest's St Patroclus's Cathedral, where they are still venerated.

IN : The Nizam was referred to as Ala Hadrat \/ Ala Hazrat or Nizam Sarkar, meaning His Exalted Highness (The last Nizam was awarded this title.
OUT: The Nizam was known as Ala Hadrat or Ala Hazrat and Nizam Sarkar.

IN : Themar is a town in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany.
OUT: The town Themar is in Hildburghausen district, Thuringia, Germany.

IN : Anoxic events may have caused mass extinctions.
OUT: Anoxic events can cause mass extinctions.

IN : On the January 1984 Elo rating list, he ranked # 18 in the world with a rating of 2599.
OUT: He was ranked 18th in the world with a rating of 2599 on the January 1984 Elo list.

IN : Claudio Miguel Pizarro Bosio (born 3 October 1978 in Callao, Peru) is a Peruvian football forward.
OUT: Claudio Pizarro is a Peruvian football forward.

IN : Many living in the area were caught off guard when Katrina strengthened from a tropical storm to a hurricane in one day and struck southern Florida on August 25, 2005.
OUT: Residents in the area were surprised when Katrina transformed into a hurricane and hit southern Florida on August 25, 2005.

IN : As the embryo develops, the cartilage hardens to form bone.
OUT: The embryo's cartilage hardens to form bone as it develops.

IN : Khmer has its own script, an abugida known in Khmer as Aksar Khmer.
OUT: Khmer uses its own script, called Aksar Khmer, which is an abugida.

IN : A context switch can mean a register context switch, a task context switch, a thread context switch, or a process context switch.
OUT: A context switch can involve changing the state of a thread or process.

IN : Lollipops are available in a number of colors and flavors, particularly fruit flavors.
OUT: Lollipops come in various fruit flavors.

IN : Media Watch made the following comments about the game:
OUT: Answer: Media Watch expressed opinions about the game.

IN : There White reiterated the UFC's position that Couture remains the promotion's heavyweight champion despite his tendered resignation, and that Couture would remain obligated under his UFC contract well beyond nine months.
OUT: The UFC considers Couture the heavyweight champion, despite his resignation, and his contract obligations extend beyond nine months.

IN : Dodoma (literally "It has sunk" in Gogo) , officially Dodoma Urban District, population 324,347 (2002 census) , is the national capital of Tanzania, and the capital of the Dodoma region.
OUT: Dodoma (population 324,347) is the national capital of Tanzania and the capital of the Dodoma region.

IN : Brookings is a city in Brookings County, South Dakota, United States.
OUT: Brookings is a city in South Dakota.

IN : Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy spawned two main series sequels, Jak II and Jak 3.
OUT: Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy led to Jak II and Jak 3 as main series sequels.

IN : The breeze freshened that afternoon as the ship lay near 35.6 N 55.7 W. By sunset, waves increased to nine feet, and southeast gales lashed the system after midnight on the 27th.
OUT: The breeze became fresher that afternoon as the ship was near 35.6 N, 55.7 W. By sunset, waves reached nine feet. Southeast gales hit the system after midnight on the 27th.

IN : He also organised the decoration of council office buildings to mark Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee in 1897.
OUT: He organized decoration for council office buildings during Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee in 1897.

IN : Voyager 2 revealed that Neptune's atmosphere was very dynamic, even though it receives only 3 % of the sunlight Jupiter receives.
OUT: Voyager 2 discovered Neptune's atmosphere is active despite receiving only 3% of Jupiter's sunlight.

IN : Blue Lodge, one of the houses, was once the home of Anna Sewell, author of Black Beauty.
OUT: The Blue Lodge was once home to Anna Sewell, author of Black Beauty.

IN : Halloy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Halloy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department, France.

IN : He died at the age of 49, after collapsing at his sister's house in Thunder Bay.
OUT: At age 49, he died at his sister's house in Thunder Bay.

IN : Livingstone acted as a stand-in presenter on London talk radio station LBC 97.3's Jeni Barnett for a week beginning on 30 June 2008.
OUT: Livingstone stood in for Jeni Barnett on LBC 97.3 from 30 June 2008.

IN : The MRT system had relied on its two main lines, namely the North South Line and East West Line, for more than a decade until the opening of the North East Line in 2003.
OUT: The MRT relied on the North South Line and East West Line for over a decade until the North East Line opened in 2003.

IN : Valid values are Ia, Ib, II, III, IV, V and VI.
OUT: Valid values are Ia, Ib, II, III, IV, V, VI.

IN : Ceratophyllum grows completely submerged, usually, though not always, floating on the surface, and does not tolerate drought.
OUT: Ceratophyllum grows submerged, often floating on the surface, and doesn't like drought.

IN : iCal development is quite different from other Apple software because it was designed independently by a small French team working "secretly" in Paris, led by Jean-Marie Hullot, a friend of Steve Jobs.
OUT: iCal was developed independently by a small French team, led by Jean-Marie Hullot, with Steve Jobs as a friend.

IN : It has a population of 3,242 as of 2001.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It has a population of 3,242 as of 2001. The population was 3,242 in 2001.

IN : The Hainish Cycle consists of a number of science fiction novels and stories of Ursula K. Le Guin.
OUT: The Hainish Cycle is a collection of Ursula K. Le Guin's science fiction novels and stories.

IN : In 1995, Livingstone appeared on the track "Ernold Same" by the band Blur, taken from the album The Great Escape.
OUT: In 1995, Livingstone featured on Blur's "Ernold Same" track from The Great Escape album.

IN : Mario Haas (born 16 September 1974 in Graz) is an Austrian football forward, who currently plays for SK Sturm Graz.
OUT: Mario Haas is an Austrian football forward playing for SK Sturm Graz. (born 16 September 1974 in Graz) can be omitted as it does not add any new information to the sentence.

IN : The caliber was still measured in bore or gauge - 10, 8, 6, 4 bore, or even 2 bore - or the guns were named by projectile weight in ounces.
OUT: The caliber was measured in bore or gauge (10, 8, 6, 4, or 2) or named by projectile weight (in ounces).

IN : To save the fleet of trams from the intensive bombing of Southampton during World War II, they were painted gray, regular services ceased at 7pm and they were parked up overnight in Cemetery Road on Southampton Common.
OUT: The fleet of trams in Southampton was saved from intensive bombing during World War II by painting them gray and parking them overnight in Cemetery Road on Southampton Common.

IN : Gimnasia y Esgrima remained undefeated in its new stadium for 15 months (from its first official meeting until July 1925) .
OUT: Gimnasia y Esgrima didn't lose in its new stadium for 15 months.

IN : Juliaetta is a city in Latah County, Idaho, United States.
OUT: Juliaetta is a city in Idaho's Latah County, United States.

IN : They were created in 1974 and are each divided into several metropolitan districts.
OUT: The metropolitan districts were established in 1974.

IN : Smaller fellowships include the Berean Christadelphians, the Dawn Christadelphians, the Old Paths Christadelphians, and the Pioneer Maranatha Christadelphians.
OUT: The Christadelphians include the Berean, Dawn, Old Paths, and Pioneer Maranatha fellowships.

IN : Treatment of barium perchlorate with sulfuric acid precipitates barium sulfate, leaving perchloric acid.
OUT: Barium perchlorate reacts with sulfuric acid to form barium sulfate and perchloric acid.

IN : In 1995, after Ventre's death the choir was taken by Sabrina Simoni and changed its name to Piccolo Coro "Mariele Ventre" dell' Antoniano.
OUT: The choir was taken by Sabrina Simoni and renamed Piccolo Coro "Mariele Ventre" dell' Antoniano in 1995.

IN : He has also written a book called Circle of Life: Sustenance for the Soul about dealing with grief and tragedy when it strikes.
OUT: He wrote a book on grief and tragedy called Circle of Life: Sustenance for the Soul.

IN : A1 Grand Prix used a unique qualifying format, which began at 14:00 local time on the Saturday of the race weekend, to determine the grid lineup for Sunday's races, the Sprint Race and the Main Race.
OUT: The unique qualifying format of A1 Grand Prix determined the grid lineup for the Sprint Race and Main Race on Sunday, starting at 14:00 local time during the race weekend.

IN : Ferdinand allied with various Italian princes and with Emperor Maximilian I, to expel the French by 1496 and install Alfonso's son, Ferdinand, on the Neapolitan throne.
OUT: Ferdinand allied with Italian princes and Emperor Maximilian I to expel the French and place Ferdinand's son on the Neapolitan throne by 1496.

IN : Saint-Denis-de-Pile is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: Saint-Denis-de-Pile is a commune in Gironde, Aquitaine, south-western France.

IN : When his brother Filippo Emanuele, Prince of Piedmont died, he became legitimate heir to the duchy and received the loyalty swore of the court at Racconigi on 21 January 1607.
OUT: When Prince Filippo Emanuele of Piedmont died in 1607, I became the legitimate heir to the duchy and received their loyalty at Racconigi on that date.

IN : By October 1, convection began to develop near the center of the system as it tracked through the central Azores.
OUT: Convection developed near the system's center in the central Azores by October 1.

IN : In a presidential system the leader of the executive branch is at once the head of state and head of government.
OUT: The leader of a presidential system serves as both the head of state and head of government.

IN : Encountering skepticism of her research and its implications, she stopped publishing her data in 1953.
OUT: She stopped publishing her data in 1953 due to skepticism about her research.

IN : Working on one invention can lead to others too.
OUT: One invention can spark others.

IN : British Rail's Class 370 tilting trains, also referred to as APT-P (meaning Advanced Passenger Train Prototype) , were the pre-production Advanced Passenger Train units.
OUT: British Rail's Class 370 trains were the pre-production Advanced Passenger Trains.

IN : While it had previously been common to have Zippos with authorized badges, unit crests and division insignia, it became popular among the American soldiers of the Vietnam War, to get their Zippos engraved with personal mottos.
OUT: It became popular for American soldiers in the Vietnam War to have personal mottos engraved on their Zippos.

IN : The population was 5,954 at the 2000 census.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The population was 5,954 at the 2000 census. The population was 5,954 in the year 2000.

IN : Paramount was the first successful nation-wide distributor; until this time, films were sold on a state-wide or regional basis.
OUT: The first nation-wide film distributor was Paramount, while films were previously sold on a state- or regional-basis.

IN : One large collection of over 2,100 apple cultivars is housed at the National Fruit Collection in England.
OUT: A collection of over 2,100 apple varieties is held at the National Fruit Collection in England.

IN : A DNA construct is often used in molecular biology to analyze macromolecules such as proteins or RNA in more detail.
OUT: A DNA construct is used for detailed analysis of proteins or RNA in molecular biology.

IN : This is your only warning.
OUT: You have one warning.

IN : Her coach at the time, Jong-Hyeon Ryu, strongly suggested to Kim's mother that Kim should continue to skate, predicting that she would become a world-class figure skater in the future.
OUT: The coach recommended that Kim continue skating, foreseeing her as a future world-class figure skater.

IN : Tropical Depression Eight formed on August 28 from a low pressure area east-northeast of the northern Leeward Islands.
OUT: The tropical depression formed east-northeast of the northern Leeward Islands on August 28 from a low pressure area.

IN : As the second WrestleMania to be held in Houston and the state of Texas, WWE mainly promoted WrestleMania XXV under the tagline "Everything Is Bigger in Texas, Especially WrestleMania" since its announcement at WrestleMania XXIV in April 2008.
OUT: Everything is bigger in Texas for WrestleMania XXV. WWE promoted this event using the tagline "Everything Is Bigger in Texas, Especially WrestleMania" after its announcement at WrestleMania XXIV in 2008. It was the second WrestleMania in Houston and Texas.

IN : The traditional county town, and the largest settlement in the historic and ceremonial county boundaries, is Nottingham.
OUT: Nottingham is the county town and largest settlement in the historic and ceremonial county boundaries.

IN : Typical sources of exposure of electronics to ionizing radiation are the Van Allen radiation belts for satellites, nuclear reactors in power plants for sensors and control circuits, residual radiation from isotopes in chip packaging materials, cosmic radiation for spacecraft and high-altitude aircraft, and nuclear explosions for potentially all military and civilian electronics.
OUT: Sources of ionizing radiation for electronics include satellite belts, nuclear reactors, chip packaging, spacecraft/aircraft, and nuclear explosions.

IN : She has supported Amici Forever and Russell Watson with two sold-out tours in Tokyo.
OUT: She sold out two tours for Amici Forever and Russell Watson in Tokyo.

IN : Blackburn is a large industrial town in Lancashire, England.
OUT: Blackburn is a large industrial town in England.

IN : And though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media, modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived homogeneity of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread, unfair exploitation of human and animal rights.
OUT: Modern punk encompasses a diverse range of ages, challenging perceived homogeneity in countercultural principles. Middle-aged individuals often form punk houses and movements against perceived exploitation.

IN : On October 13, 2008, Chrysler announced that the shutdown of the Newark Assembly facility producing the Dodge Durango and Chrysler Aspen would be moved up to the end of 2008, effectively ending production of the Durango and Durango Hybrid for the 2009 model year.
OUT: The Newark Assembly facility will end production of the Dodge Durango and Chrysler Aspen by the end of 2008.

IN : In the United States federal government, "Secretary of State" uniquely refers to the official responsible for foreign policy, the analog of the foreign secretary or foreign minister of a country that has one or the other.
OUT: The Secretary of State is the U.S. official responsible for foreign policy.

IN : In 2008, Tropical Storm Fay came ashore near the cape, as had the 1910 Cuba hurricane.
OUT: In 2008, Tropical Storm Fay made landfall near the cape, like the 1910 Cuba hurricane did.

IN : Airan is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Airan is a commune in the Calvados department in northwest France.

IN : Viels-Maisons is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: The commune Viels-Maisons is in the Aisne department, Picardy, northern France.

IN : More recently plaza has been used to describe a shopping complex, similar to a shopping mall, borrowing its connotations of a center of cultural life.
OUT: A shopping complex is now commonly referred to as a plaza, much like a shopping mall, conveying a sense of cultural hub.

IN : The Illinois River is a principal tributary of the Mississippi River, approximately 273 m long, in the U.S. state of Illinois.
OUT: The Illinois River is a major tributary in Illinois, part of the Mississippi River system.

IN : On the merger with Finsbury, to form the modern borough this name came to be applied to the whole borough. The Civil Aviation Authority has its head office in the CAA House in Islington, London Borough of Islington.
OUT: The Civil Aviation Authority's head office is located in CAA House, Islington, in the London Borough of Islington.

IN : Purple Mountain Observatory, also known as Zijinshan Astronomical Observatory, is an astronomical observatory located on the Purple Mountain in Nanjing, China.
OUT: Purple Mountain Observatory, in Nanjing, China, is an astronomical observatory.

IN : The National Flag must always be flown in a position superior to that of any other flag or ensign when flown in Australia or on Australian territory, and it should always be flown aloft and free.
OUT: The National Flag should always fly higher and be unfurled when displayed in Australia or on its territory.

IN : So far they had discovered only tools.
OUT: They had found only tools.

IN : He was named executive editor of the Examiner in 1991, having previously served as managing editor for news.
OUT: In 1991, he became the executive editor of the Examiner, having been the news managing editor beforehand.

IN : More contemporary songs were given an airing following his move to Verve Records, including the Beatles' "I've Just Seen A Face" and Leon Russell's "A Song For You."
OUT: After joining Verve Records, more contemporary songs like "I've Just Seen A Face" by the Beatles and "A Song For You" by Leon Russell were played.

IN : The chief trainer is Horst Melzer.
OUT: The chief trainer is Horst Melzer. (This sentence is already simplified.)

IN : There is also an unreleased episode entitled "The See-Saw" .
OUT: The unreleased episode is called "The See-Saw".

IN : When county councils were initially introduced in England in 1889 about 20 % of the area of Middlesex, along with a third of its population, was transferred to the County of London, and the remainder formed a smaller county, in the north-west, under the control of Middlesex County Council.
OUT: The remainder of Middlesex became a smaller county under Middlesex County Council's control. In 1889, about 20% of Middlesex's area and a third of its population were transferred to the County of London.

IN : The above adminship discussion is preserved as an archive of the discussion.
OUT: The above discussion is archived.

IN : Sony Music Entertainment (SME or Sony Music) is the second-largest global recorded music company of the "big four" record companies and is controlled by Sony Corporation of America, the United States subsidiary of Japan's Sony Corporation.
OUT: Sony Music is the second-largest global recorded music company, controlled by Sony Corporation of America, a subsidiary of Japan's Sony Corporation.

IN : We are like grain.
OUT: We grow from the earth, are nourished by rain, and are harvested in due time.

IN : The scalp is the anatomical area bordered by the face anteriorly and the neck to the sides and posteriorly.
OUT: The scalp is the area at the top of the head, bordered by the face in front and the neck on the sides and back.

IN : Young once described his approach before a game: `` I never warmed up ten, fifteen minutes before a game like most pitchers do.
OUT: Young didn't warm up extensively before games; he saved his energy instead.

IN : Appeal against a global block -- users who are globally blocked may appeal the block at Steward requests\/Global, on Meta-wiki.
OUT: Globally blocked users can appeal at Steward requests/Global on Meta-wiki.

IN : The resolution was jointly proposed by 138 member states and introduced by the Italian ambassador, Vieri Traxler, in memory of the organization's origins in the Battle of Solferino.
OUT: A resolution was proposed by 138 member states and introduced by Italy's ambassador, Vieri Traxler, in honor of the organization's origins at the Battle of Solferino.

IN : Tomb Raider II: Starring Lara Croft is an action-adventure video game in the Tomb Raider series and is the sequel to the 1996 video game Tomb Raider.
OUT: The sequel to Tomb Raider (1996) is Tomb Raider II, featuring Lara Croft as the star, and it is an action-adventure video game in the Tomb Raider series.

IN : In June 2007 Melling was called up to the Great Britain squad and wore the number 1 shirt in the Test match against France.
OUT: In June 2007, Melling was part of the Great Britain squad with the number 1 shirt in the Test match against France.

IN : For example, an article about a novel may cite passages to describe the plot, but any interpretation needs a secondary source.
OUT: A novel article may use passages to explain the plot, but requires a secondary source for interpretation.

IN : Kozo Kinomoto (born 8 January 1949) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Kinomoto is a former Japanese football player (born January 8, 1949).

IN : Yosuke Ishibitsu is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vissel Kobe in the J. League.
OUT: Yosuke Ishibitsu is a Japanese footballer for Vissel Kobe in the J. League.

IN : Four days later, on 12 December, Meir was buried on Mount Herzl in Jerusalem.
OUT: Meir was buried on Mount Herzl in Jerusalem on December 12.

IN : Reverend Villars fears Mme.
OUT: One possibility: Villars worries Mme. de Reims might be in harm's way; he intends to alert her but hesitates due to potential suspicion.

IN : Buffaloa buffalon Buffaloa buffalon buffalov buffalov Buffaloa buffalon.
OUT: The sentence "Buffaloa buffalon Buffaloa buffalon buffalov buffalov Buffaloa buffalon" is not grammatically correct and does not have a clear meaning. It appears to be a series of repeated words without any logical connection between them. To simplify it, we would need to understand the intended meaning and rephrase it accordingly. However, without additional context, it is impossible to provide a simplified version of this sentence.

IN : Makoto Kimura is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Zweigen Kanazawa.
OUT: Makoto Kimura is a Japanese football player for Zweigen Kanazawa.

IN : The book's focus is the life and activities of explorer, Christopher Columbus.
OUT: The focus of Christopher Columbus is the book's subject.

IN : Pickled or marinated peppers are frequently added to sandwiches or salads.
OUT: Pickled or marinated peppers often go in sandwiches or salads.

IN : These compartments are typically about 100-200 nanometres across and made of interlocking proteins.
OUT: The compartments are around 100-200 nm in size and protein-based.

IN : Eugenia aromaticum or Eugenia caryophyllata) are the aromatic dried flower buds of a tree in the family Myrtaceae.
OUT: The aromatic dried flower buds of a tree in the Myrtaceae family are from Eugenia (either Eugenia aromaticum or Eugenia caryophyllata).

IN : The Texas Department of Transportation operates the Austin District Office in Austin.
OUT: The Texas Department of Transportation runs the Austin office in Austin.

IN : You must surround it with the template as shown above to work correctly in Internet Explorer.
OUT: To work correctly in Internet Explorer, surround it with the template.

IN : Malone is a town in Hill County in Central Texas.
OUT: Malone is a town in Central Texas, located in Hill County.

IN : The per capita income for the city was $ 22,667.
OUT: The per capita income for the city increased from $22,667 in 2000 to $31,286 in 2015.

IN : The Michigan Daily is the daily student newspaper of the University of Michigan.
OUT: The Michigan University's student newspaper is called The Daily.

IN : Aggression is more common among relatives and within a group than between groups.
OUT: Relatives show more aggression than strangers, and aggression occurs more within groups than between them.

IN : The country was in depression, local authorities were raising their own taxes and the Turks were ravaging the archdiocese.
OUT: During the depression, local taxes increased and the archdiocese was plundered by Turks.

IN : While living in Winthrop, eight-year-old Plath published her first poem in the Boston Herald's children's section.
OUT: In Winthrop, Plath, who was eight, published her first poem in the Boston Herald's children's section.

IN : "The Government of Barons" , as Papen's government was known, openly had as its objective the destruction of German democracy.
OUT: The Government of Barons aimed to destroy German democracy.

IN : Thayil had moved to Seattle from Park Forest, Illinois, with Yamamoto and Bruce Pavitt, who would later start the independent record label Sub Pop.
OUT: Thayil moved to Seattle with Yamamoto and Pavitt, who later started Sub Pop.

IN : Glasgow Corporation Tramways were formerly one of the largest urban tramway systems in Europe.
OUT: Glasgow Tramways were once Europe's largest urban systems.

IN : Before the second browser wars in 2008-2009, the JavaScript engine (also known as JavaScript interpreter or JavaScript implementation) was known simply as an interpreter that read and executed JavaScript source code.
OUT: Before the second browser wars, JavaScript engines were just interpreters that ran JavaScript code.

IN : In the brief but autonomous companion narrative of the dragon (14:23 -30) , "there was a great dragon, which the Babylonians revered."
OUT: The dragon was revered by the Babylonians. (14:23 - 30)

IN : It includes true hamsters, voles, lemmings, and New World rats and mice.
OUT: hamsters, voles, lemmings, and rats and mice from the New World.

IN : According to the States Reorganization Act of 1956, Bhopal state was integrated into the state of Madhya Pradesh, and Bhopal was declared as its capital.
OUT: Bhopal became the capital of Madhya Pradesh under the States Reorganization Act of 1956.

IN : The Nepal national football team is the national team of Nepal and is controlled by the All Nepal Football Association.
OUT: The Nepal football team is controlled by the All Nepal Football Association.

IN : Reform is generally distinguished from revolution.
OUT: Reform and revolution are different.

IN : Its relative major is C-sharp major.
OUT: It is in C-sharp major.

IN : This process involved a redefinition of the idea of "the Church" from traditional theology.
OUT: The idea of "the Church" was redefined in this process.

IN : Le Locheur is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: The commune of Le Locheur is in the Calvados department, in the Basse-Normandie region of northwestern France.

IN : The chip commercially debuted with the release of Apple's iPad tablet; followed shortly by the iPhone 4 smartphone, the 4th generation iPod Touch and the 2nd generation Apple TV. It was superseded in the second-generation iPad, released the following year, by the Apple A5 processor.
OUT: The chip debuted with the iPad and was followed by the iPhone 4, iPod Touch (4th generation), and Apple TV (2nd generation). It was replaced by the Apple A5 processor in the second-generation iPad.

IN : During the early 2000s the plan was developed by Cross London Rail Links Ltd. , the developers of Crossrail, and the line is therefore sometimes known as Crossrail 2 and expected to be a large gauge tunnel.
OUT: The plan was developed by Cross London Rail Links Ltd. for Crossrail, which is sometimes referred to as Crossrail 2 due to its large-gauge tunnel.

IN : Apart from its headquarters, the NWF runs ten regional offices across the United States.
OUT: The NWF operates ten regional offices in the US, outside of its headquarters.

IN : Salles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: Salles is a commune in south-western France, in the Gironde department.

IN : The University is commonly referred to as the Boy Rebels, or Lady Rebels. The men's basketball team is referred to as the Runnin' Rebels and the men's baseball team is referred to as the Hustlin' Rebels.
OUT: The University's men's basketball and baseball teams are known as the Runnin' Rebels and Hustlin' Rebels, respectively.

IN : Some organizations have stated that Polish emigration is primarily caused by Poland's high unemployment rate (10.5 % in 2007) , with Poles searching for better work opportunities abroad.
OUT: Polish unemployment rate of 10.5% in 2007 is a major reason for emigration, as many Poles seek better job prospects abroad.

IN : His reputation as a skilled lawyer prompted Indian leader Bal Gangadhar Tilak to hire him as defense counsel for his sedition trial in 1908.
OUT: A skilled lawyer's reputation led to his hiring by Indian leader Bal Gangadhar Tilak for his sedition trial in 1908.

IN : This requires breathing in through the nose whilst simultaneously expelling stored air out of the mouth using the tongue and cheeks.
OUT: Breathe in through your nose and out through your mouth using your tongue and cheeks.

IN : Simone wrote "Four Women" , a song about four different stereotypes of African-American women, and included the recording on her Wild Is the Wind album in 1966.
OUT: Simone wrote a song about four African-American women stereotypes, titled "Four Women," and released it on her Wild Is the Wind album in 1966.

IN : In March 2009, the final results of the DNA testing were published by Dr. Michael Coble of the US Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory, proving conclusively that the remains of all four Grand Duchesses have now been accounted for, and no one escaped.
OUT: The remains of the Grand Duchesses have been accounted for. (This sentence assumes that the context makes it clear that the accounted-for remains are those of the Grand Duchesses mentioned earlier in the text.)

IN : From their 1977 inception until June 1999, the club's home park was the Kingdome.
OUT: The club's home park was the Kingdome from 1977 to June 1999.

IN : Meiosis uses many of the same mechanisms as mitosis, a type of cell division used by eukaryotes like plants and animals to split one cell into two identical daughter cells.
OUT: Meiosis and mitosis are similar types of cell division.

IN : She is possibly best-remembered for her film noir femme fatale roles in director Fritz Lang's movies such as The Woman in the Window (1944) and Scarlet Street (1945) .
OUT: The actress is known for her film noir roles in Fritz Lang's movies, including The Woman in the Window (1944) and Scarlet Street (1945).

IN : Fourteen cities are located in Tochigi Prefecture.
OUT: Fourteen cities are in Tochigi Prefecture.

IN : Fewer than 10 % of all cartels in the sample failed to raise market prices.
OUT: A smaller proportion than 10% of cartels in the sample failed to increase prices.

IN : It was written by Rowland, Scott Storch and Jason "Pooh Bear" Boyd and co-produced by Storch and Boyd for Rowland's second studio album, Ms. Kelly (2007) .
OUT: The song "Ms. Kelly" on Rowland's second album was produced by Storch and Boyd.

IN : He worked on the project and worked long hours in the lab.
OUT: He worked long hours on the project in the lab.

IN : She was singled out as the performer who had the greatest impact on culture and entertainment in 2008 by the Associated Press, which gave her its AP Entertainer of the Year award for her satirical portrayal of Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin in a guest appearance on SNL.
OUT: The Associated Press named her the Entertainer of the Year for her impactful portrayal of Sarah Palin on SNL in 2008.

IN : In 1969, McCartney married American photographer Linda Eastman, whom he described as the woman who gave him "the strength and courage to work again" after the break-up of The Beatles.
OUT: In 1969, McCartney married Linda Eastman, who helped him work again after The Beatles' break-up.

IN : It was replaced with Julia for the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season.
OUT: The 2010 Atlantic hurricane season saw Julia replace something.

IN : Absinthe had also never been banned in other European countries where it was never popular; it is in these countries where absinthe first began to reappear during the revival in the 1990s.
OUT: In European countries where absinthe was never popular, it had never been banned. During the revival in the 1990s, absinthe first reappeared in these countries.

IN : A bed is a large piece of furniture (or a location) used as a place to sleep, and as a primary place for relaxation.
OUT: A bed is a place for sleeping and relaxation.

IN : James Richard "Jimmy" Bullard (born 23 October 1978) is an English footballer who currently plays in midfield for Ipswich Town on loan from Hull City.
OUT: James Bullard is an English midfielder currently playing for Ipswich Town on loan from Hull City.

IN : Several schools are located in Blaye.
OUT: Several schools are in Blaye.

IN : The station is shared between East Japan Railway Company (JR East) and Keisei Electric Railway.
OUT: The station is used by JR East and Keisei Electric Railway.

IN : Montpelier is part of East Central Indiana and Northern Indiana.
OUT: Montpelier is in East Central and Northern Indiana.

IN : El Dorado is also served by the El Dorado News-Times, one of the oldest newspapers in South Arkansas.
OUT: El Dorado is home to one of South Arkansas's oldest newspapers, the El Dorado News-Times.

IN : F. hepatica is distributed worldwide and causes great economic losses in sheep and cattle.
OUT: F. hepatica is globally distributed and causes significant economic harm to sheep and cattle.

IN : The term and widespread interest in the region itself came back into fashion after the end of the Cold War, which, along with the Iron Curtain, had divided Europe politically into East and West, splitting Central Europe in half.
OUT: Central Europe regained popularity after the Cold War's end.

IN : Aegukga is the national anthem of South Korea.
OUT: Aegukga is South Korea's national anthem.

IN : Like all insects, beetles' bodies are divided into three sections: the head, the thorax, and the abdomen.
OUT: Beetles have a three-part body: head, thorax, and abdomen.

IN : When full mantles and sopra vests are worn a black velvet Tudor style hat is included.
OUT: A Tudor-style hat is included when wearing full mantles and sopra vests.

IN : He performed John Williams' "Air and Simple Gifts" at the 2009 inauguration ceremony for Barack Obama, along with Yo-Yo Ma (cello) , Gabriela Montero (piano) and Anthony McGill (clarinet) .
OUT: He performed "Air and Simple Gifts" at Obama's inauguration with Yo-Yo Ma, Gabriela Montero, and Anthony McGill.

IN : The Dawes and Young plans were the result of this strategy.
OUT: The Dawes and Young plans were the outcome of this strategy.

IN : The second is a multi-volume dictionary, edited on principles similar to those of the Oxford English Dictionary, entitled Svenska Akademiens Ordbok (SAOB) .
OUT: The second dictionary, called Svenska Akademiens Ordbok (SAOB), follows principles similar to the Oxford English Dictionary.

IN : The main thrust behind this reporting is the official opposition in the country, the Democratic Alliance (DA) .
OUT: The Democratic Alliance (DA) is the focus of this reporting.

IN : Georgian fighting against those controlling South Ossetia occurred on two other occasions, in 2004 and 2008.
OUT: The Georgian conflict with South Ossetia took place in 2004 and 2008.

IN : Calhoun County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan.
OUT: Calhoun County is in Michigan, USA.

IN : The Bremer River at Ipswich, 30 k west of Brisbane, reached a height of 19.4 m on 12 January, inundating the central business district and at least 3,000 houses.
OUT: The Bremer River at Ipswich, 30 km west of Brisbane, reached a height of 19.4 meters on 12 January, flooding the central business district and over 3,000 houses.

IN : Tropical Depression Fifteen strengthened rapidly, became Tropical Storm Marilyn six hours later and Hurricane Marilyn four hours after that.
OUT: Hurricane Marilyn formed from Tropical Depression Fifteen, which rapidly strengthened into a tropical storm and then a hurricane within six hours.

IN : This also extends to other fields such as contrasting colors in logos and retail display.
OUT: Contrasting colors are used in various fields, including logos and retail displays.

IN : OpenOffice, KOffice or others.
OUT: The best free alternatives to Microsoft Office are OpenOffice, KOffice, or others.

IN : He was still playing internationally as late as 1948.
OUT: He played internationally until 1948.

IN : Its inaugural concert took place in Tel Aviv on December 26, 1936, and was conducted by Arturo Toscanini.
OUT: The inaugural concert occurred in Tel Aviv on December 26, 1936, under the conduction of Arturo Toscanini.

IN : However, by banding together, they were able to persuade the studio to more than double their salaries.
OUT: The group convinced the studio to more than double their salaries.

IN : Wetherby Athletic play in the West Yorkshire League.
OUT: Wetherby Athletic is in the West Yorkshire League.

IN : Though Charles's wife Catherine of Braganza was barren, he stayed with her but had numerous mistresses.
OUT: Charles had numerous mistresses despite Catherine's barrenness.

IN : Damas is killed in the attack, and with his dying breath he unintentionally reveals that he is Jak's father (Damas never knowing Jak is his son) ; he also reveals that Jak's true name is Mar, the name of the founder of Haven City. They are then ambushed by Count Veger, who then tells Jak that he was the one who took him from Damas hoping to use his eco powers for his experiments but then lost him to the underground in the last game.
OUT: Jak kills Damas, revealing he's his father and Jak's true name is Mar. Count Veger ambushes them, adm

IN : Nonetheless other 19th century contemporaries were much more skeptical; for example, British jurist Sir Robert Phillimore discussed the partition as a violation of international law; German jurist Heinrich Bernhard Oppenheim presented similar views.
OUT: Other 19th century contemporaries were skeptical, with Sir Robert Phillimore and Heinrich Bernhard Oppenheim arguing that the partition was a violation of international law.

IN : (Much of the event appears in the movie.
OUT: The movie generally follows the event but makes some factual adjustments.

IN : Like other pieces, it captures by occupying the square on which an enemy piece stands.
OUT: A: It occupies, capturing an enemy piece.

IN : In 1994, the city of Kobe reached an agreement with Kawasaki Steel, the parent company, to move the club to Kobe and compete for a spot in the professional J. League as Vissel Kobe. Vissel is a combination of the words "victory" and "vessel" , a nod to Kobe's history as a port city.
OUT: The city of Kobe reached an agreement with Kawasaki Steel to form Vissel Kobe and compete in the J. League in 1994.

IN : Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped was the first non-Japanese title to receive a "Platinum Prize" in Japan for sales of more than 1,000,000.
OUT: The first Crash Bandicoot game to sell over a million units in Japan was Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped.

IN : Black Pepper (or perhaps long pepper) was believed to cure illness such as constipation, diarrhea, Limonene, Safrole, earache, gangrene, heart disease, hernia, hoarseness, indigestion, insect bites, insomnia, joint pain, liver problems, lung disease, oral abscesses, sunburn, tooth decay, and toothaches.
OUT: Black pepper, particularly long pepper, has been used historically to treat various health issues including constipation, diarrhea, earache, indigestion, and joint pain. Some believe it also has benefits for heart

IN : When Tropical Depression Thirteen strengthened into Tropical Storm Luis on August 29, it marked the earliest date that a seasons' twelfth named storm formed, surpassing the previous record set on August 31, 1933 when Tropical Storm Twelve formed near the Lesser Antilles. Luis spent a week as a major hurricane.
OUT: Tropical Storm Luis formed on August 29, the earliest twelfth named storm in a season. It surpassed the record set in 1933. Luis was a major hurricane for a week.

IN : Cynthia Ann McKinney (born March 17, 1955) is a former US Congresswoman and a member of the Green Party since 2007.
OUT: Cynthia McKinney is a former US Congresswoman and a Green Party member since 2007.

IN : It is situated on the river Main, 20 km east of Schweinfurt and 30 km northwest of Bamberg.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: It is situated on the river Main, 20 km east of Schweinfurt and 30 km northwest of Bamberg. The simplified sentence is: The town is located on the River Main, east of Schweinfurt and northwest of Bamberg.

IN : Kemmental is a municipality in the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
OUT: Kemmental is a Swiss municipality in the district of Kreuzlingen, Thurgau canton.

IN : Henriette then turned north and headed towards the Baja California peninsula, and became a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
OUT: Henriette became a Category 1 hurricane while heading north towards Baja California.

IN : Junker was a paramilitary Nazi rank that was used by the Schutzstaffel (SS) between the years of 1933 and 1945.
OUT: The rank of Junker in the Nazi SS was used between 1933 and 1945.

IN : Montecristo is a small Italian islet, approximately 4.3 kilometers (2.3 mi) across at its widest point, located about halfway between Corsica and mainland Italy; south of Elba and west of Giglio.
OUT: Montecristo is a small Italian islet, located halfway between Corsica and mainland Italy. It is approximately 4.3 kilometers wide. South of Elba and west of Giglio.

IN : This forms the bulk of most qin pieces and requires the player to press on a string with a finger or thumb of the left hand until it connects with the surface board, then pluck.
OUT: The main part of most qin pieces involves pressing a string against the surface board with the left hand until it touches, followed by plucking.

IN : Despite the shortcomings of length, weight, bearing friction, and torsional vibrations that led to the straight-8's post-war demise, the straight-8 was the performance engine design of choice from the late 1920s to the late 1940s, and continued to excel in motorsport until the mid-1950s.
OUT: The straight-8 engine was the top performance choice from the late 1920s to the late 1940s, dominating motorsport until the mid-1950s, despite its limitations in length,

IN : Between 1808 and 1860, the British West Africa Squadron seized approximately 1,600 slave ships and freed 150,000 Africans who were aboard.
OUT: From 1808 to 1860, the British West Africa Squadron intercepted and freed around 150,000 Africans from about 1,600 captured slave ships.

IN : One of the most common was to add an ever-increasing amount of cache memory on-die.
OUT: A common way to add more cache memory is to increase the on-die cache.

IN : As a result the Central Co-operative Parliamentary Representation Committee was formed in 1917, with the objective of putting co-operators into the House of Commons.
OUT: The Central Co-operative Parliamentary Representation Committee was formed in 1917 to place co-operators in the House of Commons.

IN : That means it gets a blue side bar.
OUT: Means it gets a blue sidebar.

IN : If so, embryonic stem cells are genetically transformed and inserted into early embryos.
OUT: If embryonic stem cells are used, they are genetically modified.

IN : Mansfield is a town in Nottinghamshire, England.
OUT: Mansfield is a town in England.

IN : Senlis is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Senlis is a commune in Pas-de-Calais, France (Nord-Pas-de-Calais region).

IN : Its Latinised form, which is occasionally used, is Uplandia.
OUT: Uplandia is its Latinized form.

IN : It is the only Rise Against studio album on which lead vocalist Tim McIlrath does not play guitar.
OUT: Tim McIlrath did not play guitar on one Rise Against studio album.

IN : One of the ghosts from the Slimer cartoons, the Sleaze, also reappeared in The Real Ghostbusters to be captured a second time.
OUT: In The Real Ghostbusters, Sleaze, a ghost from Slimer cartoons, was captured again.

IN : The stories revolve around outdoor activities, especially sailing.
OUT: The stories focus on outdoor activities, particularly sailing.

IN : Rust in Peace is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Megadeth.
OUT: Megadeth's fourth album is Rust in Peace.

IN : Two of the games included, Half-Life 2 and its first stand-alone expansion, Episode One, had previously been released as separate products. Three new games were also included in the compilation: the second stand-alone expansion, Half-Life 2: Episode Two, the puzzle game Portal, and Team Fortress 2, the multiplayer game sequel to the Quake modification, Team Fortress.
OUT: The compilation includes Half-Life 2, Episode One, Portal, and Team Fortress 2. These games were previously released separately. Half-Life 2: Episode Two is also part of the compilation.

IN : While Deng never held office as the head of state, head of government or General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (historically the highest position in Communist China) , he nonetheless served as the paramount leader of the People's Republic of China from 1978 to 1992.
OUT: Deng Xiaoping was China's leading figure from 1978 to 1992, though he didn't officially hold the top positions of head of state, head of government, or General Secretary of the Communist Party.

IN : Hyderabad district is subdivided into 4 talukas, the Urban area around the capital Hyderabad is part of Hyderabad City Taluka.
OUT: Hyderabad district has 4 talukas, including Hyderabad City Taluka for the urban area around the capital.

IN : Lagasse's new show, called Emeril's Fresh Food Fast, will show viewers how fresh food can be prepared in a minimal amount of time without sacrificing taste.
OUT: Emeril Lagasse's new show, "Emeril's Fresh Food Fast," demonstrates quick preparation of fresh food without compromising taste.

IN : Franz Ritter von Epp (16 October 1868 in Munich -- 31 December 1946 in Munich) was a regular officer in the Imperial German Army of the early part of the 20th century, who rose to the office of Reichsstatthalter of Bavaria, a position of dictatorial power, under the Nazis.
OUT: Franz Ritter von Epp was a Bavarian dictator under the Nazis.

IN : In July 1960 Carstens entered government service as a secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
OUT: Carstens joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as a secretary of state in July 1960.

IN : Urolagnia (also urophilia, undinism, golden shower and watersports) is a paraphilia in which sexual excitement is associated with the sight or thought of urine or urination.
OUT: Urolagnia is a sexual preference for urine or urination.

IN : Since the ball could only be moved up the court via a pass early players tossed the ball over their heads as they ran up court.
OUT: Early players threw the ball up the court as they ran.

IN : Instead of being able to contribute as a scorer, Lewicki would play a checking role in the playoffs.
OUT: Lewicki would play a checking role in the playoffs.

IN : As the DC motor starts to turn, the interaction of the magnetic fields inside causes it to generate a voltage internally.
OUT: When a DC motor starts turning, it produces an internal voltage due to magnetic field interaction.

IN : The seventh animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, the film plots an adventure through parts of Latin America, combining live-action and animation.
OUT: A Walt Disney animated film set in Latin America, blending live-action and animation.

IN : The Mamas & the Papas (credited as The Mama's and the Papa's on the debut album cover and sometimes shortened to Mamas and Papas) were a Canadian\/American vocal group of the 1960s (Denny Doherty was from Canada) .
OUT: The Mamas and Papas were a vocal group from the 1960s. (Denny Doherty was Canadian.)

IN : Diving is the sport of jumping or falling into water from a platform or springboard, sometimes while performing acrobatics.
OUT: Diving is the sport of entering water from a platform or springboard, often with acrobatics.

IN : Larrabee is a city in Cherokee County, Iowa, United States.
OUT: Larrabee is a city in Iowa.

IN : His Hertfordshire years also saw the beginnings of a professional relationship with James Callaghan.
OUT: The professional relationship between him and James Callaghan began during his time in Hertfordshire.

IN : Trussville is a city in Jefferson and St. Clair counties in the U.S. state of Alabama.
OUT: Trussville is a city in Alabama, located in Jefferson and St. Clair counties.

IN : As mosques are places of worship, those within the mosque are required to remain respectful to those in prayer.
OUT: In mosques, people must be respectful during prayer.

IN : On an artistic color wheel, complementary colors are placed opposite one another.
OUT: Complementary colors are opposite on an artistic color wheel.

IN : To the World Bank, different nations and regions are indistinguishable and ready to receive the "uniform remedy of development" .
OUT: The World Bank views all nations and regions as identical, offering them the same development solution.

IN : He made his first recording in 1946 for Columbia Records, but the takes were never released.
OUT: He recorded for Columbia Records in 1946, but the recordings were never released.

IN : For a detailed discussion of the differences, see "Biblical canon" .
OUT: The differences can be discussed in "Biblical canon".

IN : The short novel presents a future American society in which the masses are hedonistic and critical thought through reading is outlawed.
OUT: A future American society exists where hedonism is the norm and reading for critical thought is banned.

IN : Human ancestors may have also relied upon this system and lived on a diet rich in foliage.
OUT: Human ancestors may have used this system and eaten a lot of plants.

IN : The show's creators based each Bending style on a style of real-world martial art, leading to visual differences in the techniques used by Waterbenders (Tai chi) , Earthbenders (Hung Ga kung fu, for the most part) , Firebenders (Northern Shaolin kung fu) and Airbenders (Baguazhang) .
OUT: The creators of the show based each Bending style on a real-world martial art, resulting in distinct techniques for Waterbenders (tai chi), Earthbenders (Hung Ga kung fu), Firebenders (

IN : Meadowbrook Farm is a city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.
OUT: Meadowbrook Farm is in Jefferson County, Kentucky, USA.

IN : His first recording made with the Gibson ex Huberman was Romance of the Violin (under Sony Classical) in 2003.
OUT: In 2003, he recorded Romance of the Violin with a Gibson ex Huberman (under Sony Classical).

IN : Legree begins to hate Tom when Tom refuses Legree's order to whip his fellow slave.
OUT: Legree hates Tom for refusing his order to whip another slave.

IN : "Queso" is a 28 second song that is about a quesadilla.
OUT: "Queso" is a 28-second song about a quesadilla.

IN : Treptower Tollensewinkel (, with a silent w) is an Amt in the district of Demmin, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
OUT: Treptower Tollensewinkel (with a silent w) is an Amt in Demmin, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

IN : Because of this, code written in ActionScript 3.0 is generally targeted for Flash Player 9 and higher and will not work in previous versions. At the same time, ActionScript 3.0 executes up to 10 times faster than legacy ActionScript code.
OUT: ActionScript 3.0 is best for advanced Flash apps due to its faster execution and compatibility with Flash Player 9 and above.

IN : Due to some technical difficulties, the lights at Citrus Bowl temporarily went out during the match.
OUT: The lights at Citrus Bowl went out during the match due to technical difficulties.

IN : The precocious passion and eloquence of Hugo's early work brought success and fame at an early age.
OUT: A young prodigy, Hugo's early work was a great success.

IN : Until 21 Lutetia was visited in 2010, it was the largest asteroid to be visited by a spacecraft and the first C-type asteroid to be explored.
OUT: The largest asteroid to be visited by a spacecraft until 2010 was 21 Lutetia. It was also the first C-type asteroid to be explored.

IN : With lyrics by Henrik Lund and music composed by Jonathan Petersen, the anthem was officially adopted in 1916.
OUT: The anthem was adopted in 1916 (by Henrik Lund and Jonathan Petersen).

IN : Unbalanced Feistel ciphers use a modified structure where and are not of equal lengths.
OUT: In unbalanced Feistel ciphers, the lengths of and are not equal.

IN : Our love for Japanese anime, Hong Kong action and kung fu cinema, yoga, and Eastern philosophies led us to the initial inspiration for Avatar. ''
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Our love for Japanese anime, Hong Kong action and kung fu cinema, yoga, and Eastern philosophies led us to the initial inspiration for Avatar. ''Our love inspired Avatar from Japanese anime, Hong Kong action and kung fu cinema, yoga, and Eastern philosophies.''

IN : Cooking also kills parasites and food poisoning bacteria.
OUT: Cooking eliminates parasites and bacteria causing food poisoning.

IN : That year, Robinson was one of ten students named to the school's Order of the Mast and Dagger (Omicron Mu Delta) , awarded to students performing "outstanding service to the school and whose scholastic and citizenship record is worthy of recognition."
OUT: Robinson was among the ten students honored with the Order of the Mast and Dagger (Omicron Mu Delta) for exceptional school service and academic achievement.

IN : A tropical storm moved south of Jamaica on August 2 and August 3.
OUT: A tropical storm passed south of Jamaica on August 2 and 3.

IN : The operating system will consist of the Linux kernel and, usually, a set of libraries and utilities from the GNU project, with graphics support from the X Window System.
OUT: The Linux kernel, along with GNU libraries and utilities, and X Window System for graphics, forms the operating system.

IN : Athletes without a disability also compete at the Paralympics: The sighted guides for athletes with a visual impairment, are such a close and essential part of the competition, that the athlete with visual impairment and the guide are considered a team, and both athletes are medal candidates.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Athletes without a disability also compete at the Paralympics: The sighted guides for athletes with a visual impairment, are such a close and essential part of the competition, that the athlete with visual impairment and the guide are considered a team, and both athletes are medal candidates. This sentence can be simplified to: Sighted guides are considered part of the team for athletes with visual impairments at the Paralympics.

IN : Frith had previously worked for a number of other radio stations including American Forces Radio and Television Service (AFRTS) (in Keflavik, Iceland; Anchorage, Alaska; and Nea Makri, Greece) , KFQD (in Anchorage) , and WBCK (in Battle Creek, Michigan) .
OUT: Frith worked for various radio stations: American Forces Radio and Television Service (AFRTS) in Keflavik, Iceland; Anchorage, Alaska; and Nea Makri, Greece; KFQD in Anchorage; and WBCK in Battle Creek, Michigan

IN : French control over the area east of the Mississippi River ended in 1763 with the conclusion of the French and Indian War.
OUT: The French relinquished control over the region east of the Mississippi River in 1763, following the French and Indian War's end.

IN : As of 2004, this size is used for all senior-level women's competitions worldwide.
OUT: The size referred to in the sentence is used in senior-level women's competitions worldwide as of 2004.

IN : Born in New York, New York, Jennings was owner of the New York Rangers from 1959 until his death in 1981.
OUT: Jennings, born in New York, owned the New York Rangers from 1959 to 1981.

IN : No further edits should be made to this page.
OUT: No more edits are needed for this page.

IN : In December of that year their son was taken ill with scarlet fever while on holiday in Brighton.
OUT: Their son fell ill with scarlet fever during their December holiday in Brighton.

IN : Each package contains a specific application or service.
OUT: A package holds a particular application or service.

IN : music was created for the show by Chris Bell Music at the beginning of Season 25.
OUT: Music was composed by Chris Bell Music for Season 25's start.

IN : Some oxpecker hosts are intolerant of their presence.
OUT: Oxpeckers can be intolerable to some hosts.

IN : Additionally, you may appeal the global block at Steward requests\/Global.
OUT: You can also appeal a global block at Steward requests/Global.

IN : Certines is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
OUT: Certines is a commune in eastern France (in the Ain department).

IN : The earliest trees were tree ferns, horsetails and lycophytes, which grew in forests in the Carboniferous period; tree ferns still survive, but the only surviving horsetails and lycophytes are not of tree form.
OUT: The earliest forests in the Carboniferous period featured tree ferns, horsetails, and lycophytes as dominant tree species. However, only tree ferns persist today.

IN : Television spin-offs are animated or live action television series or made for TV movies which contain either characters or theme elements from an older series or movie (Clerks: The Animated Series) .
OUT: Television spin-offs are series or movies based on older series or movies, animated or live action.

IN : Shutter Island is a 2010 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese.
OUT: Shutter Island is a 2010 psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese.

IN : However, in the 2005 film adaptation of the book, it is implied that he is upset that their father was forced to serve in the war and that they are sent away from home as a result.
OUT: The film implies that he's upset about their father serving in the war and being sent away from home.

IN : The highest peak is Botev (2,376 m) , located in the Central Balkan National Park (established 1991) .
OUT: The highest peak is Botev, at 2,376 meters, in the Central Balkan National Park (established in 1991).

IN : Many books have been released as tie-ins, including The Official Guide to the Xenaverse by Robert Weisbrot. This includes a detailed episode guide for the first two seasons, a look behind the scenes, the story of the origin of the show, biographies of cast and crew, and trivia about the show.
OUT: The Official Guide to the Xenaverse by Robert Weisbrot is a detailed book about the first two seasons of Xena: Warrior Princess, featuring an episode guide, behind-the-scenes information, the origin story of the show, cast and crew biographies, and Xena trivia.

IN : Bright's disease is a historical classification of kidney diseases that would be described in modern medicine as acute or chronic nephritis.
OUT: Modern medicine describes Bright's disease as acute or chronic nephritis.

IN : This monitors programs and generates alerts when they perform suspicious behaviors.
OUT: This monitors programs for suspicious behavior and alerts when detected.

IN : When a city or town has been abolished as a borough, and it is considered desirable to maintain continuity of the charter, the charter may be transferred to a parish council for its area.
OUT: A town or parish council can be given a city or town's charter when it has been abolished as a borough.

IN : In recent years, the term macro has been used in marketing material to mean being able to focus on a subject close enough so that when a regular 6 4 inch (15 10 cm) print is made, the image is life-size or larger.
OUT: The term "macro" in marketing material now refers to an image that is life-size or larger when printed.

IN : Work is carried out from a combined studio and workshop where concept development, detailing, prototyping and small scale fabrication take place.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Work is carried out from a combined studio and workshop where concept development, detailing, prototyping and small scale fabrication take place. The simplified sentence is: In a combined studio and workshop, concept development, detailing, prototyping, and small-scale fabrication occur.

IN : Conditions were favorable for additional development in the Gulf of Mexico, and Elena became a hurricane on the 29th.
OUT: The Gulf of Mexico was favorable for further development, and Elena became a hurricane on the 29th.

IN : Epstein was then offered a contract by Martin on behalf of EMI's small Parlophone label, even though they had previously been rejected by almost every other British record company.
OUT: Epstein was given a contract by Martin for Parlophone, despite rejection by other British record companies.

IN : Imagine is a song written and performed by English musician John Lennon.
OUT: John Lennon wrote and performed the song Imagine.

IN : He studied at the Film Graphics\/Experimental Animation Program at CalArts.
OUT: He attended CalArts' Film Graphics/Experimental Animation Program.

IN : As semiconductor manufacturing progressed, more and more of these techniques could be implemented on a single semiconductor chip.
OUT: Semiconductor technology advanced, allowing more techniques to be integrated on a single chip.

IN : The nearest railway station is Ashburys, a 20-minute walk south of the stadium, though services are limited due to the small size of the station.
OUT: Ashbury station, a 20-minute walk south of the stadium, has limited services.

IN : Micheline Anne-Marie Calmy-Rey (born 8 July 1945) is a Swiss politician who is head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs -- i.e. , the Swiss foreign minister.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Micheline Anne-Marie Calmy-Rey (born 8 July 1945) is a Swiss politician who is head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs -- i.e. , the Swiss foreign minister.

IN : On October 7 against the Tennessee Titans, Gandy suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee, causing him to miss the remainder of the season.
OUT: Gandy tore his left ACL against the Titans on October 7, sidelining him for the rest of the season.

IN : The British Antarctic Territory includes the Antarctic Peninsula, the South Shetland Islands, South Orkney Islands and numerous other offshore islands, the Ronne Ice Shelf (Weddell Sea) , parts of Coats Land, and a triangle of central continental Antarctica converging on the South Pole.
OUT: The British Antarctic Territory consists of the Antarctic Peninsula, South Shetland Islands, South Orkney Islands, the Ronne Ice Shelf (in the Weddell Sea), parts of Coats Land, and a central triangular area converging at the South Pole

IN : Alexander was also a friend of her brother Nicholas.
OUT: Alexander was friends with Nicholas.

IN : The unit symbol for the mebibyte is MiB.
OUT: The unit symbol for mebibyte is MiB.

IN : Two secular buildings and typical of Italian immigrants.
OUT: Two secular Italian immigrant buildings.

IN : That Man shall not keep his Arms clean, fit for an Engagement, or neglect his Business, shall be cut off from his Share, and suffer such other Punishment as the Captain and the Company shall think fit.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: That Man shall not keep his Arms clean, fit for an Engagement, or neglect his Business, shall be cut off from his Share, and suffer such other Punishment as the Captain and the Company shall think fit. The simplified sentence is: If a man fails to keep his weapons clean or neglects his duties, he will be removed from the share and may face additional punishment, as decided by the captain and the company.

IN : Mead can be difficult to find commercially. Some producers have marketed white wine with added honey as mead, often spelling it "meade."
OUT: Mead is traditionally made from fermented honey and water, not honey added to white wine.

IN : An additional pair of exit doors and a flat rear pressure bulkhead increase seating to 180 passengers in a typical 2-class configuration or up to 215 passengers in a single-class layout.
OUT: An extra pair of exit doors and a flat rear bulkhead can accommodate up to 180 passengers in a 2-class setup or up to 215 passengers in a single-class arrangement.

IN : If you write a hook that you think other projects could use, please copy or move it to a subpage of Template: WPBannerMeta\/hooks and add it to the list on that page.
OUT: If you create a hook that could be useful for other projects, copy or move it to Template: WPBannerMeta/hooks and add it to the list there.

IN : Yusuke Omi (born December 26, 1946) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Yusuke Omi, born December 26, 1946, is a former Japanese football player.

IN : Before leaving the Lucys, Foxe married Agnes Randall on 3 February 1547.
OUT: Foxe married Agnes Randall on 3 February 1547. (The "Before leaving the Lucys" part is not necessary to the meaning of the sentence and can be omitted.)

IN : The Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways, commonly called the Interstate Highway System or Interstate Freeway System, and colloquially abbreviated "the Interstate" , is a network of limited-access roadways (also called freeways or expressways) in the United States. It is named for President Dwight D. Eisenhower, who championed its formation.
OUT: The Interstate Highway System is a network of limited-access roadways in the US, named after President Dwight D. Eisenhower.

IN : Reelected in 2002.
OUT: Reelected in 2002.

IN : This Japanese dragon symbolized the power of the ocean, had a large mouth, and was able to transform into a human shape.
OUT: The Japanese dragon represented the ocean's power, had a large mouth, and could transform into human form.

IN : He follows her into a dressing-room, where he, unseen except by the viewer, overhears her argument with the film's producer Mukesh Mehra (Arjun Rampal) about a recent promise of Mukesh's to marry a businessman's daughter in return for funding of a film.
OUT: He hears her argue with Mukesh about his promise to marry a businessman's daughter.

IN : The first fifteen asteroids to be discovered were given symbols by astronomers as a type of short-hand notation.
OUT: The first 15 asteroids discovered were given symbols by astronomers as shorthand.

IN : Dr. A. J. McLaughlin, the United States health officer at Marine Hospital, described Syrians as "parasites in their peddling habits."
OUT: Dr. McLaughlin called Syrians parasites for their peddling.

IN : As well, other Asian and Middle Eastern rulers were also appointed.
OUT: Other Asian and Middle Eastern rulers were appointed as well.

IN : Another 700 students were buried in a school in Hanwang.
OUT: Over 700 students died in Hanwang's school.

IN : Rider King Strong (born December 11, 1979) is an American actor, director, producer and screenwriter.
OUT: King Strong, born December 11, 1979, is an American actor.

IN : Many IP addresses are dynamically assigned and change frequently from one person to the next, and even static IP addresses are periodically re-assigned or have different users.
OUT: IP addresses are often reassigned or used by different people.

IN : Perhaps most famously, the main part of Nicolaus Copernicus's work was published in Nuremberg in 1543.
OUT: Copernicus published his groundbreaking work in Nuremberg in 1543.

IN : "A and B, therefore C" is acceptable only if a reliable source has published the same argument in relation to the topic of the article.
OUT: "According to the source, C follows from A and B."

IN : The Edinburgh International Festival is a festival of performing arts that takes place in the city of Edinburgh, Scotland, over three weeks from around the middle of August.
OUT: The Edinburgh International Festival is a three-week performing arts event held in Edinburgh, Scotland, in August.

IN : The Donna Reed Show is an American sitcom which aired on ABC from September 24, 1958 to March 19, 1966.
OUT: The Donna Reed Show is an American sitcom that aired on ABC from 1958 to 1966.

IN : She accepts the task and eventually falls in love with Bran, their leader.
OUT: She falls in love with Bran, their leader, after accepting the task.

IN : The New York Islanders won their third straight Stanley Cup by sweeping the Vancouver Canucks in four games.
OUT: The New York Islanders won the Stanley Cup for three consecutive years, defeating the Vancouver Canucks in four games.

IN : Buddy Clark (July 26, 1911 - October 1, 1949) was a popular American singer in the 1930s and 1940s.
OUT: Buddy Clark (born July 26, 1911, died October 1, 1949) was a popular singer in the 1930s and 1940s. (Simplified)

IN : Alba later appeared in various films including Honey (2003) , Sin City (2005) , Fantastic Four (2005) , Into the Blue (2005) , Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer and Good Luck Chuck both in 2007.
OUT: Alba starred in Honey (2003), Sin City (2005), Fantastic Four (2005), Into the Blue (2005), Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer (2007), and Good Luck Chuck (2007

IN : In need of experienced cabinet members, Santos taps Arnold Vinick as Secretary of State, believing the senior statesman to be one of the best strategists available and respected by foreign leaders.
OUT: Santos appoints Arnold Vinick as Secretary of State, recognizing his strategic expertise and international respect.

IN : To pilot the two remaining new units, Lockon Stratos' twin brother is invited to assume his brother's codename and former position as the pilot of the Cherudim Gundam, and after Allelujah Haptism is rescued from the prison he was being detained in during the timeskip, he assumes the command of Arios Gundam.
OUT: Lockon Stratos' twin brother takes over the Cherudim and Arios Gundams. After Allelujah Haptism's rescue, he commands the Arios Gundam.

IN : The Hawthorns is an all-seater football stadium in West Bromwich, Sandwell, England, with a capacity of 26,500.
OUT: The Hawthorns is a 26,500-capacity football stadium in West Bromwich, England.

IN : In reflecting on his courtship of Monroe, Miller wrote, "She was a whirling light to me then, all paradox and enticing mystery, street-tough one moment, then lifted by a lyrical and poetic sensitivity that few retain past early adolescence."
OUT: Miller described Monroe as a paradoxical and mysterious woman, tough yet sensitive.

IN : Cherie Blair QC (born 23 September 1954) , known professionally as Cherie Booth QC, is a British barrister working in the legal system of England and Wales.
OUT: Cherie Blair is a British barrister.

IN : Oleg Aleksandrovich Prudius (; ; Olyeg Alyeksandrovich Prudius born on April 27, 1972) is a Ukrainian American professional wrestler, also known by his ring name Vladimir Kozlov.
OUT: Oleg Prudius, born April 27, 1972, is a Ukrainian American professional wrestler known as Vladimir Kozlov.

IN : A baseball bat is a smooth wooden or metal club used in the game of baseball to hit the ball after the ball is thrown by the pitcher.
OUT: A baseball bat is a club used in baseball to hit the ball.

IN : Pushpa Kamal Dahal; born Chhabilal Dahal on 11 December 1954, also known as Prachanda (is a former guerrilla leader and chairman of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) .
OUT: Pushpa Kamal Dahal, also known as Prachanda, is a former guerrilla leader and chairman of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). Born on December 11, 1954, as Chhabilal Dahal.

IN : The awards are given out by the China Film Association.
OUT: The China Film Association gives out the awards.

IN : Liam Fox, MP (born 22 September 1961) is a British Conservative Party politician, currently the Secretary of State for Defense of the United Kingdom and Member of Parliament (MP) for North Somerset.
OUT: Liam Fox is the UK's Defense Secretary and MP for North Somerset.

IN : As of the census of 2000, there were 106,782 Afro-Asian individuals in the United States.
OUT: In the year 2000, there were 106,782 Afro-Asians in the United States.

IN : Tarzan II (displayed with the title Tarzan II: The Legend Begins on the DVD cover) is a 2005 direct-to-video midquel to the 1999 Walt Disney Feature Animation film Tarzan, released on June 14, 2005.
OUT: Tarzan II, also known as Tarzan II: The Legend Begins, is a 2005 direct-to-video midquel to Tarzan.

IN : The two clashed on and off the track; their collision at the 1994 Australian Grand Prix gave Schumacher his first title by a single point.
OUT: The two had conflicting encounters, both on and off the racetrack; the 1994 Australian Grand Prix collision resulted in Schumacher's first title with a mere point difference.

IN : Punta de Lobo's beach length and its locations makes it available for bathing and shore fishing.
OUT: The beach at Punta de Lobo is suitable for bathing and shore fishing.

IN : Berg quotes this chorale directly in the last movement of the piece, where the harmonisation by Johann Sebastian Bach is heard in the clarinets.
OUT: In the last movement of the piece, Berg uses the chorale directly and Bach's harmonisation is heard in the clarinets.

IN : Nobuhisa Kobayashi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sagawa Printing S.C. .
OUT: Nobuhisa Kobayashi plays for Sagawa Printing S.C.

IN : Since WLRM is not audited by Arbitron, the show's ratings are unknown.
OUT: The show's ratings are unknown because WLRM is not audited by Arbitron.

IN : The people of South Tibet have cultural, linguistic, and ethnic ties to Tibet.
OUT: The people of South Tibet share cultural, linguistic, and ethnic links with Tibet.

IN : It reacts with nitric acid to make bismuth (III) nitrate.
OUT: Bismuth reacts with nitric acid to form bismuth nitrate.

IN : The Iroquois, also known as the Haudenosaunee or the "People of the Longhouse" , are an association of several tribes of indigenous people of North America.
OUT: The Iroquois, or Haudenosaunee (People of the Longhouse), are North American indigenous tribes.

IN : Requiem for a Dream is a 2000 drama film directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans and Jennifer Connelly.
OUT: The film "Requiem for a Dream," released in 2000, is directed by Darren Aronofsky and features Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans, and Jennifer Connelly in leading roles.

IN : Disputes between the two zoos continued into 2009.
OUT: Zoo disputes lingered into 2009.

IN : In 1965, the capital of the Bechuanaland Protectorate moved from Mafeking to Gaberones.
OUT: The capital of Bechuanaland Protectorate was moved from Mafeking to Gaberones in 1965.

IN : The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football franchise based in Baltimore, Maryland.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football franchise based in Baltimore, Maryland. Baltimore Ravens is a professional American football franchise in Baltimore, Maryland.

IN : Framingham has three colleges, including Framingham State University and Massachusetts Bay Community College's Framingham Campus.
OUT: Framingham is home to Framingham State University and Massachusetts Bay Community College's campus.

IN : On the October 27, 2008 episode of Raw, DiBiase and Rhodes lost their title to CM Punk and Kofi Kingston.
OUT: In the October 27, 2008 Raw episode, CM Punk and Kofi Kingston won the title from DiBiase and Rhodes.

IN : Many of these beliefs are still relevant in the modern world and thus the sutta provides Buddhist scholars with much information to ponder about the Buddha's teachings.
OUT: A significant number of these beliefs remain applicable in the contemporary world, allowing for extensive study and reflection on the Buddha's teachings by scholars.

IN : M.net's reality show Factory Girl chronicled the members working as interns at fashion magazine Elle Girl.
OUT: Factory Girl, a reality show on M.net, followed the interns at Elle Girl magazine.

IN : Although the WHA was not the first league since that time to attempt to challenge the NHL's supremacy, it was by far the most successful.
OUT: The WHA was the most successful league to challenge the NHL's supremacy.

IN : Roadside ditches can provide a hazard to motorists, especially in poor weather conditions.
OUT: Roadside ditches pose a danger to drivers, particularly in bad weather.

IN : MARCOM is the descendant of the Canadian Naval Service created by the Canadian Naval Service Act May 4, 1910, and later on August 29, 1911, designated by royal authority as the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) which was Canada's navy until 1 February 1968. Prior to 1910, the Royal Navy provided the maritime defense of Canada.
OUT: MARCOM is the predecessor of the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN), which was established by the Canadian Naval Service Act on May 4, 1910, and

IN : These isocyanates are precursors to polyurethanes.
OUT: Isocyanates are precursors to polyurethanes.

IN : It is part of the Dothan, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.
OUT: The Dothan area is where this is located.

IN : Charles "Charlie" Doyle Haas II (born March 27, 1972) is an American professional wrestler and former collegiate amateur wrestler.
OUT: Charle Doyle Haas, born March 27, 1972, is a professional wrestler and former collegiate wrestler. Known as Charlie Haas.

IN : The historic county boundaries are with Cumberland to the north, County Durham and Yorkshire to the east, and Lancashire to the south and west.
OUT: The historic county boundaries are with Cumberland to the north, Durham and Yorkshire to the east, and Lancashire to the south and west.

IN : Do Ab is the name of a rural area situated in the heart of Savadkuh County of Mazanderan province, Iran.
OUT: Ab is a rural area in Savadkuh County, Mazanderan province, Iran.

IN : A CD-R (Compact Disc-Recordable) is a variation of the Compact Disc invented by Philips and Sony.
OUT: A CD-R is a recordable Compact Disc. It can be reused for multiple recordings.

IN : According to a Byzantine historian of the 14th century, Volos was known as "Golos" . The most widely accepted theory for the derivation of the city's name suggests that Volos is a corruption of the Mycenaean Iolkos, which had become distorted through the ages to become "Golkos" , later "Golos" , and subsequently "Volos" .
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: According to a Byzantine historian of the 14th century, Volos was known as "Golos" . The most widely accepted theory for the derivation of the city's name suggests that Volos is a corruption of the Mycenaean Iolkos, which had become distorted through the ages to become "Golkos" , later "Golos" , and subsequently "Volos" . Therefore, the historian's statement can be simplified to: The city of Volos was once called "Golos" .

IN : The Cook Islands national football team is the national team of the Cook Islands and is controlled by the Cook Islands Football Association.
OUT: The Cook Islands football team is controlled by the Cook Islands Football Association.

IN : There is a beautiful Nativity altar in the south transept made in limewood by the famous artist Veit Stoss.
OUT: A beautiful Nativity altar, made of limewood, is in the south transept by Veit Stoss.

IN : Yohei Fukumoto is a Japanese footballer.
OUT: Yohei Fukumoto is a Japanese football player.

IN : Almost simultaneously, Young was appointed by the Home Office to a committee chaired by Sir Percy Sillitoe, Chief Constable of Kent, to consider the wireless needs of all forces.
OUT: Young was appointed to a committee chaired by Sir Percy Sillitoe of the Home Office to discuss wireless needs for all forces.

IN : The Casentino is the valley in which the first tract of the river Arno flows to Subbiano, Italy.
OUT: The Casentino is the valley where the Arno river flows to Subbiano, Italy.

IN : Electric power may flow through several substations between generating plant and consumer, and may be changed in voltage in several steps.
OUT: Electric power passes through multiple substations, undergoing voltage changes, between the power plant and the consumer.

IN : The most common German word for lollipop is Lutscher, but like its English counterpart "sucker" , it has come to be supplemented in modern times by Lollipop.
OUT: The German word for lollipop is Lutscher, but it's now often replaced by Lollipop.

IN : It is defined as the area of a square whose sides measure exactly one metre.
OUT: The area of a one-meter square is one square meter.

IN : Structural classification is determined by how the bones connect to each other, while functional classification is determined by the degree of movement between the articulating bones.
OUT: Structural classification depends on bone connections, while functional classification relates to bone movement.

IN : Cuttlefish eat small molluscs, crabs, shrimp, fish, octopuses, worms, and other cuttlefish. Their predators include dolphins, sharks, fish, seals and other cuttlefish.
OUT: Cuttlefish consume various small marine animals, while their predators include dolphins, sharks, seals, and other cuttlefish.

IN : Ensifera is a suborder of the order Orthoptera, comprising insects commonly known as crickets, katydids and bush crickets.
OUT: The suborder Ensifera belongs to Orthoptera, including crickets, katydids, and bush crickets.

IN : Instances which want to pass through the reason should use code along the general lines of.
OUT: Instructions that aim to proceed through the reasoning process should follow this pattern of coding.

IN : Ingonish consists of five communities:
OUT: The five communities in Ingonish are: Ingonish Beach, Ingonish Ferry, Keltic, Ingonish Harbour, and North Bay Village.

IN : Francisco was discovered by Matthew J. Holman, et al. and Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2003 from pictures taken in 2001 and given the provisional designation S\/2001 U 3.
OUT: Frustrancisco was identified in 2003 from images taken in 2001.

IN : The district also includes some of the best farmland in Norway.
OUT: A part of Norway has excellent farmland within it.

IN : He stated that the excision should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed, which included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor.
OUT: A radical excision is needed to remove all diseased tissue, which might require amputation or the removal of veins leading to the tumor.

IN : Saint-Omer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Saint-Omer is a commune in northwestern France, in the Calvados department and the Basse-Normandie region.

IN : Remarkable variety of marine life-algae, and crabs are found here.
OUT: The remarkable marine life in this area includes algae and crabs.

IN : Hauser is a city in Kootenai County, Idaho, United States.
OUT: Hauser is a city in Idaho, USA (Kootenai County).

IN : When Fox decided to mount a sketch comedy show to replace House of Buggin, Herman was kept on as an original MADtv cast member.
OUT: When House of Buggin was replaced by a new MADtv sketch comedy show, Herman remained as a cast member.

IN : It was probably better suited to tackling large prey than the more lightly built Saurornitholestes.
OUT: A more lightly built Saurornitholestes was less suitable for tackling large prey than the larger dinosaur.

IN : The worldwide success of the band's previous album, Blood Sugar Sex Magik (1991) , caused guitarist John Frusciante to become uncomfortable with their status, eventually quitting mid-tour in 1992.
OUT: The worldwide success of Blood Sugar Sex Magik caused discomfort for John Frusciante, leading him to quit the band mid-tour in 1992.

IN : The sixth mode has the intervals tone, tone, semitone, semitone, tone, tone, semitone, semitone - it has six transpositions, like the tritone, and four modes.
OUT: The sixth mode consists of six distinct intervals - tone, tone, semitone, semitone, tone, tone, semitone, semitone - and has four transpositions.

IN : These contradicting hypotheses, equivocally supported by the material evidence, make the dietary paleobiology of Gastornis impossible to pinpoint.
OUT: The conflicting hypotheses, based on ambiguous evidence, make it difficult to determine Gastornis' dietary paleobiology.

IN : He also guest-conducted the Cleveland Orchestra, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, San Francisco Symphony, Toronto Symphony Orchestra, and Boston Symphony Orchestra.
OUT: However, if you want to make it even more concise, you could say: He guest-conducted the Cleveland Orchestra, among others.

IN : Manganese compounds are less toxic than those of other widespread metals such as nickel and copper.
OUT: Manganese compounds are less toxic than nickel and copper.

IN : Transrealism, as outlined in his 1983 essay "The Transrealist Manifesto," is science fiction based on the author's own life and immediate perceptions, mixed with fantastic elements that symbolize psychological change.
OUT: Transrealism, as described in "The Transrealist Manifesto" (1983), is a science fiction genre that combines the author's experiences and fantastical elements representing psychological transformation.

IN : Christians believe that Jesus is the Messiah prophesied in the Hebrew Bible, referred to as the "Old Testament" in Christianity.
OUT: Christians believe Jesus is the Old Testament's Messiah.

IN : It then was upgraded to a hurricane again during the late afternoon of August 29.
OUT: Hurricane was upgraded again during late afternoon of August 29.

IN : Caumont is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: Caumont is a commune in the Gironde department, south-western France.

IN : Bairstow's compositions are mainly for the church.
OUT: A. Bairstow wrote mainly for the church.

IN : Ashore on day two of the invasion, Young became Director of Public Safety in the first functioning Allied military government - the Allied Control Commission for Italy; in December 1943 he was given the additional role of Director of Security, responsible directly to the Commander-in-Chief for hunting saboteurs and enemy agents as well as the removal of fascist officials from public offices.
OUT: Young became the Director of Public Safety and Security in the first Allied military government in Italy during the invasion, reporting directly to the Commander-in-Chief for maintaining order and hunting down saboteurs and enemy agents.

IN : She further elaborated on them in her magazines The Objectivist Newsletter, The Objectivist, and The Ayn Rand Letter, and in non-fiction books such as Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology and The Virtue of Selfishness.
OUT: She explained her ideas in magazines and books, including Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology and The Virtue of Selfishness.

IN : It was Nestor's second Australian Open mixed title while for Srebotnik it was her first.
OUT: Nestor won the Australian Open mixed title for the second time. Srebotnik won the Australian Open mixed title for the first time.

IN : Waves of European immigrants started arriving after 1850, mainly Germans, Italians, Poles and Ukrainians.
OUT: European immigrants began arriving in large numbers after 1850, primarily from Germany, Italy, Poland, and Ukraine.

IN : Bydales School is a secondary school in Marske-by-the-Sea, North Yorkshire, England; and it is in the Redcar and Cleveland Local Education Authority.
OUT: Bydales School is a secondary school in Marske-by-the-Sea, North Yorkshire, England, under the Redcar and Cleveland Local Education Authority.

IN : The origin of its name is not known; it may be named after the mythical Hercules, or after an unknown woman of that name.
OUT: The origin of its name is uncertain.

IN : Cave paintings are paintings on cave walls and ceilings, and the term is used especially for those dating to prehistoric times.
OUT: Cave paintings are old paintings on cave walls and ceilings.

IN : The Nice model popular among planetary scientists postulates that the gas giant planets migrated in orbit at this time, causing objects in the asteroid belt and\/or Kuiper belt to be put onto eccentric orbits that reached the terrestrial planets.
OUT: According to the Nice model, gas giant planets caused eccentric orbits for asteroid belt and Kuiper belt objects that reached the terrestrial planets.

IN : This subtemplate of is used to determine the length of the input, up to 10 characters in length.
OUT: The subtemplate determines the input length, which is no more than 10 characters.

IN : WrestleMania XXVII was the twenty-seventh annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) , held on April 3, 2011 at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia.
OUT: WrestleMania 27 was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event held on April 3, 2011, at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia. It was the twenty-seventh installment in the WrestleMania series produced by WWE.

IN : Six years after they closed the doors of their final iteration restaurateur Oscar Tucci opened a revived Delmonico's at 2 South William Street, which stayed in business until 1977.
OUT: In six years, restaurateur Oscar Tucci reopened Delmonico's at 2 South William Street, where it operated until 1977.

IN : In the 2nd partition, Russia and Prussia helped themselves to enough more land so that only one-third of the 1772 population remained in Poland.
OUT: One-third of Poland's population was left after Russia and Prussia took more land in the 2nd partition.

IN : Malaysia has 118 airports, of which 38 are paved.
OUT: Malaysia has 38 paved airports.

IN : Employing the slip stroke to good effect, Moore was deadly accurate, but could also shoot with great power.
OUT: Moore was accurate and powerful with the slip stroke.

IN : The weakening of the ECW-WCW dubbed superstars did n't stop there either.
OUT: The weakening of ECW-WCW superstars didn't stop there.

IN : She began her musical career in 2007 at age 25 when she released her first single entitled "My Boobs Are OK" .
OUT: She started her music career in 2007 at age 25 with her first single "My Boobs Are OK".

IN : The design of the analog joystick, which used a weak rubber boot rather than springs to provide centering, proved to be ungainly and unreliable.
OUT: A weak rubber boot in the analog joystick design made it ungainly and unreliable.

IN : The Core brand comprised two branches: the Duo (dual-core) and Solo (Duo with one disabled core, which replaced the Pentium M brand of single-core mobile processor) .
OUT: The Core brand had two branches: Duo (dual-core) and Solo (single-core).

IN : It was an anthology of short spooky stories, including by Edgar Allan Poe, tied together by the adventures of a black cat and is considered by some to be a forgotten horror classic of the early talkies.
OUT: A forgotten horror classic of the early talkies, featuring Edgar Allan Poe's stories and a black cat, is this anthology of short spooky tales.

IN : Much of the controversy about Ayers during the decade since 2000 stems from an interview he gave to The New York Times on the occasion of the memoir's publication.
OUT: The interview Ayers gave to The New York Times in 2001 caused most of the controversy about him since then.

IN : The national emblem is said to date back to the 18th century.
OUT: The emblem dates back to the 18th century.

IN : Diagnosis can be made by sending a specimen, collected during the first five days for analysis.
OUT: A diagnosis can be made by collecting and sending a specimen within the first five days for analysis.

IN : N ` Djamena is the home of the National Assembly of Chad, along with many political organizations and parties, and every national ministry. The Supreme Court and Court of Appeal are also in N ` Djamena, along with every major embassy in Chad, including the French and US.
OUT: N'Djamena is the capital city of Chad, housing the National Assembly, various political organizations and parties, national ministries, the Supreme Court, Court of Appeal, and major embassies, including those of France and the United States.

IN : Though playing an inferior team the Canadiens failed to score a goal, losing the game.
OUT: The Canadiens lost to an inferior team without scoring a goal.

IN : He is a member of the Republican Party.
OUT: He's a Republican.

IN : He attended Bedford Grammar School, subsequently working in Bournemouth, Dorset, as a clerk, before moving to London following the death of his mother.
OUT: After his mother's death, he worked in Bournemouth as a clerk before moving to London.

IN : Beginning in the 1850s, the restaurant hosted the annual gathering of the New England Society of New York which featured many important speakers of the day.
OUT: The New York New England Society held its annual gatherings at the restaurant from the 1850s, with notable speakers in attendance.

IN : Railway building began at Derby Works in 1840, when the North Midland Railway, the Midland Counties Railway and the Birmingham and Derby Railway set up engine sheds as part of their Tri Junct Station.
OUT: Railway building started at Derby Works in 1840, with the North Midland Railway, Midland Counties Railway, and Birmingham and Derby Railway establishing engine sheds for Tri Junct Station.

IN : The town was the first planned community of the Victorian era.
OUT: The town was the first planned community during the Victorian era.

IN : It is the second-largest member of the Flora asteroid family.
OUT: This sentence is already simplified. It is a clear and concise statement. No further simplification is needed.

IN : Hovell's later discovery of coal during his visit to Western Port was also important; it is remarkable that the discovery was overlooked for a long period.
OUT: The discovery of coal by Hovell at Western Port was notable, yet it was overlooked for a long time.

IN : In 1917, he enrolled in the University of Wyoming at Laramie, graduating in 1921 with a BSc in electrical engineering.
OUT: He graduated from the University of Wyoming with a BSc in electrical engineering in 1921. (Enrolling in a university is not typically mentioned in simplified sentences about graduation.)

IN : Scheel, as vice chancellor, chaired the government meetings for a little over a week, until Helmut Schmidt was elected Chancellor.
OUT: Scheel chaired the government meetings for about a week before Schmidt became Chancellor.

IN : They also publicly announced the strategy to achieve their goal:
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: They also publicly announced the strategy to achieve their goal: to increase sales by 10% in the next quarter. The simplified sentence is: They announced a plan to boost sales by 10% in the next quarter.

IN : Many other chamber groups can be seen as modifications of the string quartet: the string quintet is a string quartet with an extra viola, cello or double bass; the string trio has one violin, a viola, and a ` cello; the piano quintet is a string quartet with an added piano; the piano quartet is a string quartet with one of the violins replaced by a piano; and the clarinet quintet is a string quartet with an added clarinet.
OUT: The string quartet is a common chamber music ensemble composition, and various modifications include the string quintet, string trio

IN : WrestleMania 22 was the third WrestleMania to take place in the Chicago metropolitan area (following WrestleMania 2, and WrestleMania 13) .
OUT: WrestleMania 22 was the third WrestleMania held in Chicago.

IN : Along the way they meet Aravis and her talking horse Hwin who are also fleeing to Narnia.
OUT: They meet Aravis and her talking horse Hwin on their journey to Narnia.

IN : As in all border provinces in the Dominican Republic, there is little economic development.
OUT: In Dominican Republic's border provinces, economic development is limited.

IN : The Kingdom of the Franks under Charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders, who could sail down the Seine with near impunity.
OUT: The Franks under Charlemagne suffered severe raids along the Seine.

IN : Khaba is believed to have reigned a relatively brief four years between 2640 to 2637 BC, although these dates are highly conjectural, based on what scant evidence exists of this early king.
OUT: The early king Khaba is thought to have ruled for a short period around 2640-2637 BC, but the exact dates are uncertain.

IN : Sunnah salat are optional prayers that can be performed by Muslims at almost any time of the day.
OUT: Muslims can perform optional prayers (Sunnah salat) at any time during the day.

IN : Amalia d'Este was also a candidate, daughter of Rinaldo d'Este, Duke of Modena.
OUT: Amalia d'Este, Duke of Modena's daughter, was also a candidate.

IN : As of 2009, the size of the worldwide bond market (total debt outstanding) is an estimated $ 82.2 trillion, of which the size of the outstanding U.S. bond market debt was $ 31.2 trillion according to BIS (or alternatively $ 34.3 trillion according to SIFMA) .
OUT: The worldwide bond market was approximately $82.2 trillion in size in 2009. The U.S. bond market accounted for around $31.2 trillion or $34.3 trillion of this total.

IN : Lindsborg is the home of:
OUT: Lindsborg is home to Bethany College, a liberal arts college, and the Lindsborg Swedish Cultural & Heritage Center.

IN : He was working for the Victorian State Forests Department when the First World War broke out.
OUT: During World War I, he worked for the Victorian State Forests Department.

IN : Beaumont is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
OUT: Beaumont is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut. (Walloon region)

IN : This eye is known as the parietal eye, visible as a pale scale on the top of the head.
OUT: The parietal eye is a pale scale on the top of the head.

IN : If Hitler was in a bad mood, he picked on the older children or Klara herself, in front of them.
OUT: When Hitler was in a bad mood, he targeted older children or his wife Klara.

IN : An example of this is code sharing in airline alliances.
OUT: Code sharing in airline alliances is an example.

IN : Heavy rainfall and gusty winds were expected, prompting the issuance of rainfall warnings for parts of southeastern Newfoundland, while wind and gale advisories were declared offshore.
OUT: Heavy rain and strong winds are expected in southeastern Newfoundland, resulting in rainfall warnings and wind advisories.

IN : Caplong is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: Caplong is a commune in the Gironde department, in southwestern France.

IN : According to the United States 2000 Census, there are 142,897 Americans of Syrian ancestry living in the United States.
OUT: The United States Census in the year 2000 reported 142,897 Americans of Syrian descent residing in the US.

IN : Scrambled eggs is a dish made from beaten whites and yolks of eggs (usually chicken) .
OUT: Scrambled eggs is made from beaten chicken eggs.

IN : Officials in Mississippi identified the need for 110 to assist in an evacuation process in case of a possible landfall.
OUT: Mississippi officials determined they needed 110 people for an evacuation.

IN : The original case involved allegations made by the Ferrari Formula One team against a former employee (Nigel Stepney) , a senior McLaren engineer, Mike Coughlan, and his wife Trudy Coughlan concerning the theft of technical information.
OUT: The Ferrari Formula One team accused Nigel Stepney, a former employee, Mike Coughlan, a senior engineer, and his wife Trudy Coughlan of stealing technical information.

IN : Tasman Peninsula is located around 75 k by road south-east of Hobart, at the south east corner of Tasmania, Australia.
OUT: The Tasman Peninsula is located in southeastern Tasmania, Australia, about 75 kilometers from Hobart.

IN : Support for this project was obtained from all parties in the local parliament.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Support for this project was obtained from all parties in the local parliament. Simplified sentence: All parties in the local parliament backed this project.

IN : The lentil (Lens culinaris) (International Feed Number, 5-02-506) is a type of pulse. It is a bushy annual plant of the legume family, grown for its lens-shaped seeds.
OUT: A type of pulse is the lentil (lens-shaped seeds come from a bushy annual plant in the legume family).

IN : Porter Johnston Goss (born November 26, 1938) is an American politician, who was the last Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) and the first Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) following the passage of the 2004 Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act, which abolished the DCI position.
OUT: Goss was an American politician who became the CIA director after the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act abolished the Director of Central Intelligence position. (born November 26, 1938)

IN : The fourth species, the La Plata Dolphin, lives in salt-water estuaries and near-shore marine environments.
OUT: The La Plata Dolphin is found in salt-water estuaries and near-shore marine environments.

IN : A sprig is a single stem snipped from the plant.
OUT: A sprig is a stem cut from a plant.

IN : The state's population is concentrated in South East Queensland, which includes Brisbane, Logan City, Redland City, Ipswich, Toowoomba, and the Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast.
OUT: The population is concentrated in South East Queensland, specifically in Brisbane, Logan City, Redland City, Ipswich, Toowoomba, the Gold Coast, and the Sunshine Coast.

IN : This template will not be visible on pages that are not protected.
OUT: The template will not appear on unprotected pages.

IN : The Bering Strait, the Chukchi Sea to the north and the Bering Sea to the south, are all shallow seas (see maps) .
OUT: The Bering Strait and the adjacent shallow seasthe Chukchi Sea to the north and the Bering Sea to the southare shallow.

IN : Bisky, one of 54 Left MPs, was nominated by his party to become one of the six vice presidents of the Bundestag.
OUT: Bisky, an MP from the Left party, was nominated to be one of the Bundestag's six vice presidents.

IN : Real tennis -- one of several games sometimes called "the sport of kings" -- is the original indoor racquet sport from which the modern game of lawn tennis (usually simply called tennis) , is descended.
OUT: Real tennis, an indoor sport, is the ancestor of modern tennis.

IN : Daniel Van Buyten (; born 7 February 1978 in Chimay) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a defender and also as an emergency striker for Bayern Munich, following a June 2006 transfer from Hamburg.
OUT: Daniel Van Buyten is a Belgian footballer who plays defense and emergency striker for Bayern Munich. (born 7 February 1978 in Chimay)

IN : Acrocanthosaurus (, meaning ` high-spined lizard') is a genus of theropod dinosaur that existed in what is now North America during the Aptian and early Albian stages of the Early Cretaceous. Like most dinosaur genera, Acrocanthosaurus contains only a single species, A. atokensis.
OUT: Acrocanthosaurus is a North American Early Cretaceous theropod dinosaur, with A. atokensis as its only known species.

IN : Immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease, such as severe combined immunodeficiency, or be produced by pharmaceuticals or an infection, such as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) that is caused by the retrovirus HIV.
OUT: Immunodeficiency can result from genetics, such as severe combined immunodeficiency, pharmaceuticals, or infections like AIDS caused by HIV.

IN : ATI Technologies Inc, is a major designer and supplier of graphics processing units and motherboard chipsets based in Canada.
OUT: ATI Technologies Inc is a Canadian company that designs and supplies graphics processing units and motherboard chipsets.

IN : The Transperth brand was launched in 1986 as part of a series of reforms integrating Perth's public bus, ferry and rail services.
OUT: The Transperth brand debuted in 1986 during a set of reforms that combined Perth's bus, ferry, and rail services.

IN : Mario rescued Princess Daisy of Sarasaraland in Super Mario Land, but Luigi seems to be more linked to her.
OUT: Mario saved Princess Daisy in Super Mario Land, but Luigi has a connection to her.

IN : The building of both bridges was problematic, with both the first and second bridges requiring several redesigns from multiple architects.
OUT: The construction of both bridges faced challenges, necessitating numerous redesigns by various architects for both.

IN : Trappers in deep snow conditions using the toboggan will hitch their dogs in single file with traces on either side of the line of dogs.
OUT: In deep snow, trappers hitch their dogs in a single file line using traces on both sides.

IN : Yaqub's death initiated a period of decline.
OUT: Yaqub's death caused a decline.

IN : This version has been cited as an ancestor of the "locked room mystery" .
OUT: The version is considered the originator of the "locked room mystery" genre.

IN : He resigned in 1985 to start his own business.
OUT: He started his own business in 1985.

IN : It additionally emphasized the character's growth and development as the anime series progressed.
OUT: The character's growth and development were emphasized as the anime series progressed.

IN : Rankin's warm singing style and his soft, nylon-stringed guitar sound might suggest an artist more attuned to the supper-club circuit than the jazz arena, but his work contains many touches that appeal to the jazz audience.
OUT: Rankin's singing style and nylon-stringed guitar sound could be more fitting for a supper club, but his jazz audience appreciates his unique touches.

IN : Many characters from the show appear on this game such as Prince Zuko, who has a minor role in the game, only appearing in cutscenes; King Bumi, who appears in the fourth level.
OUT: The show's characters Prince Zuko and King Bumi appear in the game, with Prince Zuko having a minor role in cutscenes and King Bumi appearing in the fourth level.

IN : He felt that this arising of color at light-dark boundaries was fundamental to the creation of the spectrum (which he considered to be a compound phenomenon) .
OUT: He believed that color emerges at light-dark boundaries is essential for the formation of the spectrum.

IN : Ric Flair's "Career Threatening" match against Shawn Michaels was next, which stipulated that Flair would have to retire from wrestling if he had lost.
OUT: Ric Flair's career was on the line against Shawn Michaels next.

IN : Other anonymizing proxy servers, known as elite or high anonymity proxies, only include the REMOTE_ADDR header with the IP address of the proxy server, making it appear that the proxy server is the client.
OUT: Elite proxy servers only reveal their IP addresses as clients.

IN : The Norwegian linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world.
OUT: Chitral is the world's most linguistically diverse area, according to Norwegian linguist Georg Morgenstierne.

IN : Additionally, Daegu was considered the third major economic city in Korea, after Seoul and Busan.
OUT: Daegu is one of Korea's major economic cities, after Seoul and Busan.

IN : The most basic kind of sentence consists of a single clause.
OUT: A single clause sentence is the most basic kind.

IN : He wrote one concerto each for flute, oboe (later rearranged for flute and known as Flute Concerto No. 2) , clarinet, and bassoon, four for horn, a Concerto for Flute, Harp, and Orchestra, and a Sinfonia Concertante for Violin, Viola and Orchestra.
OUT: The composer wrote concertos for the following instruments: flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon, horn (four), and a concertos for flute, harp, and orchestra, and violin, viola, and orchestra.

IN : If you propose to block a significant range, or for a significant time, consider asking a user with checkuser access to check for collateral damage - that is, for the presence of other users who may be unintentionally affected by the range block.
OUT: Consider asking a user with checkuser access to check for unintentionally affected users before blocking a significant range or for a significant time.

IN : Huston later commented that Monroe's performance was not acting in the true sense, and that she had drawn from her own experiences to show herself, rather than a character.
OUT: Monroe's performance was drawn from her own experiences.

IN : By using cocoa powder and low amounts of cocoa butter, bar chocolate was then possible to manufacture. The term "chocolate" then came to mean solid chocolate, rather than hot chocolate.
OUT: Using small amounts of cocoa butter with cocoa powder, solid chocolate was produced, replacing the term "chocolate" for hot chocolate.

IN : This allows for communication with friends of friends and for the building of chatrooms for instant messages with all friends on that network.
OUT: This enables communication with friends of friends and creating chatrooms for instant messaging with all friends on the network.

IN : A Cape Verde-type hurricane is an Atlantic hurricane that develops near the Cape Verde islands, off the west coast of Africa.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: A Cape Verde-type hurricane is an Atlantic hurricane that develops near the Cape Verde islands, off the west coast of Africa. A Cape Verde hurricane is an Atlantic hurricane that forms west of the Cape Verde islands.

IN : Other white blood cells which are not granulocytes ("agranulocytes") are mainly lymphocytes and monocytes.
OUT: Most white blood cells that aren't granulocytes are lymphocytes or monocytes.

IN : Vieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
OUT: Vieu is a French commune in the Ain department.

IN : During a stop in Los Angeles, Parker had a nervous breakdown that landed him in the Camarillo State Mental Hospital for several months, and Davis found himself stranded.
OUT: In Los Angeles, Parker had a nervous breakdown and was hospitalized for several months, leaving Davis stranded.

IN : Unlike other reform movements, the English Reformation began by royal influence.
OUT: The English Reformation started under royal initiative, unlike other reform movements.

IN : The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team based in Seattle, Washington.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team based in Seattle, Washington. Seattle Seahawks is a professional American football team based in Seattle, Washington.

IN : Through her work with CATW, Janice Raymond has been a leader in the campaign to recognize prostitution as violence against women and one of the worst forms of gender inequality.
OUT: Janice Raymond, through her work with CATW, has been a leading advocate against prostitution as a form of violence and gender inequality.

IN : Oldtown is a city in Bonner County, Idaho, United States.
OUT: Oldtown is a city in Idaho.

IN : The virgin birth of Jesus is a tenet of Christianity and Islam which holds that Mary miraculously conceived Jesus while remaining a virgin.
OUT: The virgin conception of Jesus is a belief shared by Christianity and Islam.

IN : The main story of the books covers seven years in the life of the orphan who, on his eleventh birthday, learns he is a wizard.
OUT: The orphan discovers he's a wizard at age eleven. (The main story of the books spans seven years of his life.)

IN : Before the Columbian Exchange, there were no oranges in Florida, no bananas in Ecuador, no paprika in Hungary, no tomatoes in Italy, no coffee in Colombia, no pineapples in Hawaii, no rubber trees in Africa, no cattle in Texas, no donkeys in Mexico, no chili peppers in Thailand and India, no cigarettes in France, and no chocolate in Switzerland.
OUT: Before the Columbian Exchange, various foods and animals were not present in

IN : However, in September 2007 the IOA announced that the debut race would take place in 2010 on the Jaypee Group Circuit in Greater Noida.
OUT: The IOA announced that the debut race would take place in 2010 on the Jaypee Group Circuit in Greater Noida.

IN : The Center opened on July 1, 2006, with a performance of the New York Philharmonic.
OUT: A: The Center opened on July 1, 2006, with a New York Philharmonic performance.

IN : The name appears to be Scottish Gaelic in origin, from "torr" meaning a mound or round hill, or "tur" meaning a tower.
OUT: The name might have Scottish Gaelic origins, derived from 'torr' meaning a mound or round hill, or 'tur' meaning a tower.

IN : As an example, our Milky Way Galaxy is roughly 100,000 light years in diameter, and our nearest sister galaxy, the Andromeda Galaxy, is located roughly 2.5 million light years away.
OUT: The Milky Way Galaxy is about 100,000 light-years in diameter, and the Andromeda Galaxy is approximately 2.5 million light-years away.

IN : The site was a full integrated camp site with its own power house, barracks, kitchens, septic system and recreation hall.
OUT: The site included a power house, barracks, kitchens, septic system, and recreation hall, providing all the essential facilities for a self-contained camp.

IN : Composed while Wollstonecraft was a governess in Ireland, the novel was published in 1788 shortly after her summary dismissal and her momentous decision to embark on a writing career, a precarious and disreputable profession for women in 18th-century Britain.
OUT: The novel was published in 1788 after Wollstonecraft's dismissal from her job in Ireland and her decision to become a writer.

IN : A nice cup of tea and a sit down is for when things have gone beyond that, and there is a need for some more formal and serious niceness.
OUT: A cup of tea and a rest are for when things are difficult.

IN : Baker County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida.
OUT: Baker County is in Florida, USA.

IN : Thus, Claudius becomes an enigma.
OUT: Claudius is an enigma.

IN : Jackie Chan, SBS, MBE (born Chan Kong-sang, ; 7 April 1954) is a Hong Kong actor, action choreographer, filmmaker, comedian, director, producer, martial artist, screenwriter, entrepreneur, singer and stunt performer.
OUT: Jacki Chan is a Hong Kong actor, action choreographer, filmmaker, comedian, director, producer, martial artist, entrepreneur, singer, and stunt performer.

IN : Bois-Bernard is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Bois-Bernard is a commune in France, located in the Pas-de-Calais department and the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.

IN : Normal faults occur mainly in areas where the crust is being extended such as a divergent boundary.
OUT: Normal faults form in areas of crustal extension, like divergent boundaries.

IN : Broxbourne railway station, opened in 1840, serves Broxbourne in Hertfordshire, England.
OUT: Broxbourne railway station, opened in 1840, is located in Broxbourne, Hertfordshire, England.

IN : Rajon Pierre Rondo (born February 22, 1986) is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA) .
OUT: Rondo is a point guard for the Boston Celtics in the NBA.

IN : Pirelli is the sole tyre supplier in Formula One, following Bridgestone's decision to withdraw from the role at the end of.
OUT: Pirelli is the Formula One tyre supplier.

IN : Up until 1998, the winner of the cup entered into the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, but with the abandonment of that tournament, the winner now goes into the UEFA Europa League.
OUT: The winner of the cup entered the UEFA Europa League starting from 1998.

IN : Despite initial postwar plans to break-up the Agip company, Agip's administrator Enrico Mattei converted it to a state monopoly, renamed Eni.
OUT: Agip, initially planned to be broken up after the war, was instead turned into a state monopoly and renamed Eni by its administrator Enrico Mattei.

IN : My Arms, Your Hearse was released to critical acclaim on August 18, 1998.
OUT: 2. The album received critical acclaim.

IN : Carol Channing, speaking at drag queen Charles Pierce's funeral: "He did Carol Channing better than I did."
OUT: Carol Channing at Charles Pierce's funeral: He outperformed me.

IN : Laa-Laa (played by Nikky Smedley) is the third Teletubby.
OUT: Laa-Laa is the third Teletubby.

IN : A film based on the novel was released on 31 May 2004, in the United Kingdom and 4 June 2004 in the U.S. and many other countries.
OUT: The novel was adapted into a film and released in the U.K. on May 31, 2004, and in the U.S. on June 4, 2004. (Many other countries also had releases, but that information is not necessary to include in the simplified sentence.)

IN : Samlesbury Hall, the family home of the Southworths, was suspected by the authorities of being a refuge for Catholic priests, and it was under secret government surveillance for some considerable time before the trial of 1612.
OUT: The Southworths' Samlesbury Hall was suspected of harboring Catholic priests and was under government surveillance before the 1612 trial.

IN : The state of the Gepids was commonly known as Gepidia or Kingdom of the Gepids, whose territory is composed of parts of modern day Romania, Slovakia, Hungary and Serbia.
OUT: The territory of the Gepids is part of modern-day Romania, Slovakia, Hungary, and Serbia. (Simplified)

IN : There are ways of choosing which lines ("sides") that defines the subspace that the boundary is in.
OUT: You can select which lines determine the subspace that the boundary lies in.

IN : The Parazoa are an ancestral subkingdom of animals, literally translated as "beside the animals" .
OUT: The Parazoa are ancient animals, translated as "beside animals."

IN : These particles are small, slaggy pieces of magma and rock that have been tossed into the air by outbursts of steam and other gases; magma may have been torn apart as it became vesicular by the expansion of the gases within it.
OUT: Small, rocky particles called magma and slag are ejected by steam and gas eruptions, with magma potentially fragmenting due to gas expansion.

IN : The term heterodox is occasionally used by some Christians to refer to themselves when they are in disagreement with orthodox understandings, but voice this disagreement while still maintaining the overall value of the tradition.
OUT: Some Christians use the term heterodox when they disagree with orthodox beliefs but still hold the tradition in high regard.

IN : Legend says that about two thousand years ago, Emperor Suinin ordered his daughter, Princess Yamatohime-no-mikoto, to set out and find a suitable permanent location from which to hold ceremonies for Amaterasu Omikami, the Sun Goddess.
OUT: Two thousand years ago, Emperor Suinin sent his daughter, Princess Yamatohime-no-mikoto, to find a permanent location for Amaterasu Omikami's ceremonies.

IN : The Passenger Pigeon or Wild Pigeon (Ectopistes migratorius) is an extinct bird, which existed in North America and lived in enormous migratory flocks.
OUT: The Passenger Pigeon was an extinct North American bird that lived in massive flocks.

IN : After 1918, the term was used for the paramilitary organizations that sprang up around Germany as soldiers returned in defeat from World War I. They were the key Weimar paramilitary groups active during that time.
OUT: The term was used for the paramilitary organizations that emerged in Germany after 1918. These groups were active during the Weimar Republic period.

IN : Whittier is on the northeast shore of the Kenai Peninsula, at the head of Passage Canal, on the west side of Prince William Sound.
OUT: The northeast shore of the Kenai Peninsula is where Whittier is located, at the head of Passage Canal, and it's on the west side of Prince William Sound.

IN : Its headwaters rise in the central highlands of New South Wales near the town of Oberon.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Its headwaters rise in the central highlands of New South Wales near the town of Oberon. The simplified sentence is: The headwaters of this river are in New South Wales' central highlands near Oberon.

IN : The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria is the official name for the largest Christian church in Egypt.
OUT: The largest Christian church in Egypt is called the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria.

IN : Robert "Bob" Howard (born January 29, 1963) better known by his ring name Bob "Hardcore" Holly, is an American professional wrestler.
OUT: Robert Howard, born January 29, 1963, is a professional wrestler known as Bob Holly or Bob "Hardcore" Holly.

IN : Coronis slowly lost interest in Apollo and was attracted to a mere mortal.
OUT: Coronis grew interested in a mortal instead of Apollo.

IN : The King's Men was the company of actors to which William Shakespeare (1564 -- 1616) belonged through most of his career.
OUT: The King's Men was the company Shakespeare belonged to during most of his career.

IN : Hartman currently lives in Bell Canyon, California, with his wife, Julieann, and daughters, Carly and Sophia.
OUT: Hartman and his family reside in Bell Canyon, California.

IN : Although there has been increasing isolation and specialization in recent years, some degree of overlap and influence remains between the two disciplines.
OUT: The two disciplines still show some overlap and influence.

IN : Colloquially, armpit refers to an object or place which is smelly, greasy or otherwise undesirable.
OUT: The colloquial term for an object or place that is smelly, greasy, or otherwise undesirable is referred to as an armpit.

IN : Six were Hendrick family members and\/or Hendrick Motorsports employees: John Hendrick, the owner's brother and president of Hendrick Motorsports, Jeff Turner, general manager of Hendrick Motorsports, Ricky Hendrick, a Hendrick Motorsports driver and its owner's son, Kimberly and Jennifer Hendrick, John Hendrick's twin daughters, and Randy Dorton, chief engine builder.
OUT: Six Hendrick family members or Hendrick Motorsports employees are: John Hendrick (owner's brother and Hendrick Motorsports president), Jeff Turner (general manager), Ricky Hendrick (driver

IN : In late 1979, three years after production began, Caligula made its debut.
OUT: Caligula debuted in late 1979, three years after production started.

IN : In 1991 he was awarded the prestigious Wolf Prize by the Israeli Government.
OUT: In 1991, he received the Wolf Prize.

IN : Germagnat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
OUT: Germagnat is a French commune in the Ain department.

IN : No names were retired, so it was used again in the 1992 season. This is the same list used for the 1980 season except for Andrew, which replaced Allen.
OUT: The list used in the 1992 season was the same as that of the 1980 season, with Andrew replacing Allen.

IN : Nectar is an economically important item, the sugar source for honey.
OUT: Nectar is the economic source of honey.

IN : Type of cold seeps can be distinguished as according to the depth to shallows cold seeps and deep cold seeps.
OUT: Cold seeps can be classified as shallow or deep.

IN : Freud believed that people are driven by two conflicting central desires: the life drive (libido or Eros) (survival, propagation, hunger, thirst, and sex) and the death drive.
OUT: Four central desires drive people according to Freud: survival, propagation, hunger, thirst, and sex (life drive or libido/Eros); and an opposing force, the death drive.

IN : Dresden is the capital city of the Free State of Saxony in Germany.
OUT: The capital city of Saxony in Germany is Dresden.

IN : In Taiwan, people add fresh basil leaves to thick soups.
OUT: In Taiwan, they add basil to thick soups.

IN : He is married to Maggie; they have three adult children, two sons and a daughter.
OUT: He and Maggie have three adult children: two sons and a daughter.

IN : A large Indian diaspora in English speaking countries, and increased Western influence at home, have nudged Bollywood films closer to Hollywood models.
OUT: The Indian diaspora in English-speaking countries and Western influence at home have brought Bollywood films closer to Hollywood models.

IN : Their codes were an acronym of their traditional railway description, e.g. GUV for General Utility Vans.
OUT: Their codes were acronyms for traditional railway descriptions, e.g. GUV for General Utility Vans.

IN : Tallari moved to the Hartford Wolf Pack, the farm team for the New York Rangers.
OUT: Tallari joined the Hartford Wolf Pack, New York Rangers' farm team.

IN : It is more usually employed with other ingredients added to enhance its incendiary effects. Thermate-TH3 is a mixture of thermite and pyrotechnic additives which have been found to be superior to standard thermite for incendiary purposes.
OUT: Thermate-TH3, a thermite mixture with added pyrotechnics, is more effective for incendiary uses than standard thermite.

IN : Edgar was one of Canada's finest senior hockey players before joining the NHL.
OUT: Edgar was a top senior hockey player in Canada before joining the NHL.

IN : El Paso is a city in Woodford and McLean Counties in the U.S. state of Illinois.
OUT: El Paso is a city in Illinois (specifically in Woodford and McLean Counties).

IN : Many German musicians associated with the opera went into exile, including the conductors Kurt Adler, Otto Klemperer and Fritz Busch.
OUT: Several opera conductors of German origin, such as Kurt Adler, Otto Klemperer, and Fritz Busch, went into exile.

IN : Donald Fauntleroy Duck is an American cartoon character from The Walt Disney Company.
OUT: Donald Duck is an American cartoon character from The Walt Disney Company.

IN : Among dormice, it has the special ability of running at great speed upside down, suspended from branches.
OUT: A dormice's unique ability is running quickly upside down on branches.

IN : A supercentenarian (sometimes hyphenated as super-centenarian) is someone who has reached the age of 110 years. This age is achieved by about one in a thousand centenarians.
OUT: A person over 110 years old is a supercentenarian, making up about one in every thousand centenarians.

IN : The best known bodies of the Council of Europe are the European Court of Human Rights, which enforces the European Convention on Human Rights, and the European Pharmacopoeia Commission, which sets the quality standards for pharmaceutical products in Europe.
OUT: The European Court of Human Rights enforces the European Convention on Human Rights in Europe. The European Pharmacopoeia Commission sets quality standards for pharmaceutical products.

IN : One key factor in the operation of the unconscious is "repression" .
OUT: Repression is a key factor in the unconscious.

IN : The X-Forwarded-For (XFF) HTTP header field is a de facto standard for identifying the originating IP address of a client connecting to a web server through an HTTP proxy or load balancer.
OUT: The XFF header identifies the client's IP address through proxies or load balancers.

IN : Pergamon in particular is a characteristic example of Hellenistic architecture.
OUT: Pergamon is a prime example of Hellenistic architecture.

IN : It has the same orbital period as Neptune and orbits at the Lagrangian point about 60 degrees ahead of Neptune
OUT: It orbits 60 degrees ahead of Neptune. (Assuming the reference to Neptune's orbital period is understood from the context.)

IN : Wulff entered the race as the favorite to win the election and essentially campaigned on a platform of fiscal restraint and clear-cut reforms in the areas of law enforcement and education.
OUT: The favorite Wulff campaigned on fiscal restraint and reforms in law enforcement and education.

IN : In 1955, the Congress of the People officially adopted the Freedom Charter, stating the core principles of the South African Congress Alliance, which consisted of the African National Congress and its allies the South African Indian Congress, the South African Congress of Democrats and the Coloured People's Congress.
OUT: The Freedom Charter was adopted by the Congress of the People in 1955, outlining the key principles of the South African Congress Alliance, which included the African National Congress, the South African Indian Congress, the South African Congress of Democrats, and the Coloured People's Congress.

IN : The World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Intercontinental Championship is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.
OUT: The Intercontinental Championship is a WWE professional wrestling title.

IN : Donald Adamson (born 30 March 1939 at Culcheth, Lancashire, now Cheshire) is a historian, biographer, philosophical writer, textual scholar, literary critic, and translator of French literature.
OUT: Donald Adamson is a historian, biographer, philosopher, textual scholar, literary critic, and translator.

IN : He remarried in 1980 to Robyn Smith, a jockey almost 45 years his junior.
OUT: In 1980, He married Robyn Smith, a younger jockey.

IN : Richard Strauss conducted the orchestra in 1912.
OUT: Richard Strauss led the orchestra in 1912.

IN : While any form of energy may be conserved, electricity is the type most commonly referred to in connection with conservation.
OUT: Electricity is the most commonly referred-to form of energy for conservation.

IN : The story and dialogue were crafted by writers from The Simpsons, with all character voices supplied by the actual cast.
OUT: The Simpsons writers crafted the story and voices.

IN : The Concertgebouw opened on 11 April 1888.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: The Concertgebouw opened on 11 April 1888. The Concertgebouw was opened on April 11, 1888.

IN : Yazman Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Bahawalpur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
OUT: Yazman Tehsil is a subdivision of Bahawalpur District in Pakistan's Punjab province.

IN : About 90 % of the water that enters a plant's roots is used for this process.
OUT: Approximately 90% of a plant's root water intake is used for the process.

IN : Waldenburg is a town in the district Zwickau in Saxony, Germany.
OUT: Waldenburg is a town in Saxony, Germany, located in the Zwickau district.

IN : He manages for Tokushima Vortis.
OUT: He manages Tokushima Vortis.

IN : The most common forms of treacle are the pale syrup that is also known as golden syrup and the darker syrup that is usually referred to as dark treacle or black treacle.
OUT: Golden syrup and dark treacle are the two most common forms of treacle.

IN : The first (Alan Scott) was created by writer Bill Finger and artist Martin Nodell in All-American Comics # 16 (July 1940) .
OUT: Alan Scott, the first Green Lantern, was created by Bill Finger and Martin Nodell in All-American Comics #16 (July 1940). The second Green Lantern, George Reynolds, was created by Carl Wessler and Chuck C

IN : He is one of the founding members of Global Elders.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: He is one of the founding members of Global Elders. He is a founding member of Global Elders.

IN : Included in his awards is the Margaret A. Edwards Award of the Young Adult Services Division of the American Library Association.
OUT: The Margaret A. Edwards Award is one of his accolades (from the Young Adult Services Division of the American Library Association).

IN : He tells Siegfried that fear is an essential craft; Siegfried is eager to learn it, and Mime promises to teach him by bringing him to Fafner the dragon. Since Mime was unable to forge Nothung, Siegfried decides to do it himself.
OUT: Siegfried learns to make the sword Fafner's dragon from Mime.

IN : Marine snails constitute the majority of snail species, and have much greater diversity and a greater biomass. Numerous kinds of snail can also be found in fresh waters.
OUT: Marine snails have the most species, greater diversity, and larger biomass, while numerous snail kinds inhabit fresh water.

IN : Naoki Urata (born 27 June 1974) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Naoki Urata is a former Japanese football player.

IN : The Andes is rich in fauna: With almost 1,000 species, of which roughly 2\/3 are endemic to the region, the Andes is the most important region in the world for amphibians.
OUT: The Andes is home to approximately 1,000 amphibian species, around two-thirds of which are endemic to the region. Therefore, the Andes is the world's most significant area for amphibian diversity.

IN : Mitsuo Ogasawara is a Japanese football player, who currently plays for the J. League team Kashima Antlers.
OUT: Mitsuo Ogasawara is a Japanese football player for Kashima Antlers.

IN : Mercury (I) bromide is prepared by the oxidation of elemental mercury with elemental bromine or by adding sodium bromide to a solution of mercury (I) nitrate.
OUT: Mercury bromide can be prepared by oxidizing mercury with bromine or by adding sodium bromide to mercury nitrate.

IN : He played for the Quebec Bulldogs from 1914 until 1917.
OUT: From 1914 to 1917, he played for the Quebec Bulldogs.

IN : Messing was inclined to take some time off, but the script intrigued her, and she auditioned for the role of Grace Adler, beating out Nicollette Sheridan, who later guest-starred on the show as a romantic rival of Grace's.
OUT: Messing auditioned for and got the role of Grace Adler, despite competition from Nicollette Sheridan.

IN : The current incarnation of the company as Warner Music Group was formed in 2004 when it was spun off from Time Warner, and as a result Time Warner no longer retains any ownership whatsoever in Warner Music Group, despite its name.
OUT: Warner Music Group was formed from Time Warner in 2004 and no longer belongs to it.

IN : Frederick I Barbarossa (1122 -- 10 June 1190) was a German Holy Roman Emperor. He was elected King of Germany at Frankfurt on 4 March 1152 and crowned in Aachen on 9 March, crowned King of Italy in Pavia in 1155, and finally crowned Roman Emperor by Pope Adrian IV, on 18 June 1155, and two years later in 1157 the term "sacrum" (i.e. "holy") first appeared in a document in connection with his Empire.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Frederick I Barbarossa (1122 -- 10 June 1190) was a German Holy Roman Emperor. He was elected King of Germany at Frankfurt on 4 March 1152 and crowned in Aachen on 9 March, crowned King of Italy in Pavia in 1155, and finally crowned Roman Emperor by Pope Adrian IV, on 18 June 1155, and two years later in 1157 the term "sacrum" (i.e. "holy") first appeared in a document in connection with his Empire. Frederick I, also

IN : There is another exit by the western bus station along Wells Terrace, incorporating the Underground ticket office, plus a narrow side entrance to the south on the A503 Seven Sisters Road.
OUT: Another exit is by the western bus station along Wells Terrace, near the Underground ticket office, and there's a narrow side entrance to the south on the A503 Seven Sisters Road.

IN : It is rumored that "Lovely Rita" influenced the song "Pow R. Toc H." found on their first album, "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn" .
OUT: The rumor is that "Lovely Rita" inspired "Pow R. Toc H." on their first album, "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn."

IN : It was a turning point in my life. ''
OUT: * It was a transformative experience.

IN : The same tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop during previous trials.
OUT: A tram derailed at Starr Gate loop on 30 May 2006 during previous trials.

IN : "Dangerously in Love 2" earned Knowles an award in the category Best Female R&B Vocal Performance at the 2004 Grammy Awards.
OUT: "At the 2004 Grammy Awards, Knowles won Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for 'Dangerously in Love 2'."

IN : This corresponds to the order of days in the ISO week.
OUT: The days in the ISO week order are: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.

IN : In web forums, instant messengers and online games, text emoticons are often automatically replaced with small corresponding images, which came to be called "Emoticons."
OUT: In online platforms, emoticons are often replaced with small images.

IN : Swordfish are elongated, round-bodied, and lose all teeth and scales by adulthood.
OUT: Swordfish have elongated, round bodies and no scales or teeth as adults.

IN : Scales on the most common "10-inch" models are actually 25 cm, as they were made to metric standards, though some rules offer slightly extended scales to simplify manipulation when a result overflowed.
OUT: Common 10-inch scales are 25 cm long, made to metric standards. Some have extended scales for easier use when results exceed limits.

IN : It is headquarters of Chamber Taluka (an administrative subdivision of the district) .
OUT: The headquarters of Chamber Taluka is where it is located.

IN : In early 1941, Jews and Serbs were ordered to leave certain areas of Zagreb
OUT: The Jews and Serbs were expelled from certain areas of Zagreb in early 1941 and relocated to designated areas outside the city.

IN : Therefore, human understanding of God is achieved through his revelations via his Manifestations.
OUT: Human understanding of God is gained through his revelations, manifested by his Manifestations.

IN : Software can be downloaded from http://www.playbopit.com which allows users to record their own voice, upload beats and sounds.
OUT: Users can download software from playbopit.com to record their voice and upload beats and sounds.

IN : In May 2004, Kenneth Brown of the Alexis de Tocqueville Institution made the accusation that major parts of the Linux kernel had been copied from the MINIX codebase, in a book called Samizdat.
OUT: In May 2004, Kenneth Brown accused Linux kernel parts of being copied from MINIX in a book called Samizdat.

IN : Wilder had experienced Monroe's tardiness, stage fright, and inability to remember lines during production of The Seven Year Itch.
OUT: During the filming of The Seven Year Itch, Monroe's tardiness, stage fright, and forgetfulness caused problems for Wilder.

IN : To do this you click on the icon that is to the right of the image caption.
OUT: Click the icon to the right of the image caption.

IN : They played together in venues until Greer set out on his professional career.
OUT: They played together in venues. Greer then began his professional career.

IN : He was an exceptionally active campaigner and critic in the crisis years in Italy after the First World War and into the early years of Fascist rule.
OUT: He was an active critic during Italy's crisis years post-WWI and into the early Fascist era.

IN : Each spliceosome is composed of five small nuclear RNA proteins, called snRNPs, (pronounced "snurps") and a range of non-snRNP associated protein factors.
OUT: Each spliceosome contains five snRNP proteins and various other protein factors.

IN : Hurricane Marilyn was the most powerful storm to hit the Virgin Islands since Hurricane Hugo of 1989.
OUT: The most powerful storm to hit the Virgin Islands since 1989 was Hurricane Marilyn.

IN : Tallassee (first called Talisi by the Creek Indians) is a city on the Tallapoosa River, located in both Elmore and Tallapoosa counties in the U.S. state of Alabama.
OUT: Tallassee is a city on the Tallapoosa River, in Alabama's Elmore and Tallapoosa counties. (Originally called Talisi by Creek Indians.)

IN : Senna passed de Cesaris and Berger hit a wall on lap 9, forcing him to pit.
OUT: Senna passed de Cesaris, and Berger hit the wall on lap 9.

IN : See page: Template: Convert\/note.
OUT: Refer to Template: Convert/note.

IN : It also include the same date (and time) duplicated in a hidden (by CSS) ISO date format, for use in microformats. This hidden date degrades gracefully when CSS is not available.
OUT: It also has a hidden ISO date format with the same date (and time). This date degrades gracefully without CSS.

IN : Fishermen from Aitutaki occasionally organise trips to Manuae.
OUT: Fishermen from Aitutaki sometimes go to Manuae.

IN : Instead of viewing women as ornaments to society or property to be traded in marriage, Wollstonecraft maintains that they are human beings deserving of the same fundamental rights as men.
OUT: Wollstonecraft argues that women are human beings entitled to the same fundamental rights as men.

IN : In 2010, in Rijeka, he won the European Individual Chess Championship with 9\/11.
OUT: In 2010, in Rijeka, he won the European Individual Chess Championship with a score of 9 out of 11.

IN : Kirby Super Star, known as Kirby's Fun Pak in Europe and as Hoshi no Kirby Super Deluxe in Japan, is a 1996 platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console.
OUT: Kirby Super Star is a 1996 platform game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo.

IN : The International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) , also known as the Hare Krishna movement, is a Hindu Gaudiya Vaishnava religious organization.
OUT: ISKCON, or the Hare Krishna movement, is a Hindu religious organization.

IN : Many of his principles have become standard methods of history writing today, though others have not.
OUT: Some of his principles are now standard in history writing, while others are not.

IN : Internet Explorer 8 (IE8) RC1 was released on January 26, 2009.
OUT: IE8 RC1 was released in January 2009.

IN : Betulaceae, or the Birch Family, includes six genera of deciduous nut-bearing trees and shrubs, including the birches, alders, hazels, hornbeams and hop-hornbeams, numbering about 130 species.
OUT: The Betulaceae family consists of around 130 deciduous tree and shrub species, which include birches, alders, hazels, hornbeams, and hop-hornbeams.

IN : Parallel structures exist within the Islamic religious group.
OUT: Parallel structures exist in Islam.

IN : This malt liquor's biggest competitor is Red Horse Extra Strong from San Miguel.
OUT: Red Horse Extra Strong from San Miguel is the biggest competitor for this malt liquor.

IN : Urban contemporary radio stations feature a playlist made up entirely of hip hop\/rap, contemporary R&B, pop, electronica and Caribbean music such as reggae, reggaeton and sometimes soca (In Toronto, London, New York City, Boston and Miami) .
OUT: Urban contemporary radio stations play hip hop/rap, R&B, pop, electronica, reggae, reggaeton, and soca music.

IN : Takahisa Nishiyama (born July 11, 1985 in Sendai, Miyagi) is a Japanese football player.
OUT: Nishiyama is a Japanese football player, born in Sendai, Miyagi.

IN : He died in Calgary on February 9, 1981.
OUT: He died on February 9, 1981, in Calgary.

IN : In various ranking systems, the college is frequently ranked as one of the top ten engineering schools in the nation.
OUT: The college is often among the top ten engineering schools in the country.

IN : The Bororo Indians live in the Mato Grosso area.
OUT: The Bororo Indians reside in Mato Grosso.

IN : Metamorphosis is the second studio album by American pop singer Hilary Duff.
OUT: Hilary Duff's second album is called Metamorphosis.

IN : The Cayman Islands national football team is the national team of the Cayman Islands and is controlled by the Cayman Islands Football Association.
OUT: The Cayman Islands Football Association oversees the national football team of the Cayman Islands.

IN : Both of Feuermann's parents were amateur musicians.
OUT: Feuermann's parents were amateur musicians.

IN : Magherafelt is a small town in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
OUT: Magherafelt is a small town in Northern Ireland.

IN : Rites of Spring was an American post-hardcore band from Washington, D.C. in the mid-1980s, known for their energetic live performances.
OUT: The American post-hardcore band Rites of Spring, active in the mid-1980s in Washington, D.C., was recognized for its lively stage shows.

IN : Since the year 2000, the award is annual.
OUT: The award has been given annually since the year 2000.

IN : It was also revealed in the "Turn Left" Doctor Who Confidential that Billie had made arrangements to return as Rose since she decided to leave.
OUT: Billie made arrangements to return as Rose in Doctor Who Confidential.

IN : This drove Hearst; following Pulitzer's earlier strategy, he kept the Journal's price at one cent (compared to The World's two cent price) while providing as much information as rival newspapers.
OUT: Hearst kept the Journal's price at one cent, matching Pulitzer's strategy with more information.

IN : Proprietary software vendors usually prohibit users from sharing the software with others. A separate license is required for another party to use the software.
OUT: Proprietary software vendors don't allow users to share the software and require a separate license for each user.

IN : One chain extends across the sea to Chios, another extends across Euboea to Samos, and a third extends across the Peloponnese and Crete to Rhodes, dividing the Aegean from the Mediterranean.
OUT: The Aegean Sea is separated from the Mediterranean Sea by three chains: one to Chios, another to Samos, and a third to Rhodes.

IN : They are cited as the first speed metal band.
OUT: The first speed metal band is cited as them.

IN : Senna won from Prost, Berger, Mansell, Patrese and Nakajima.
OUT: Senna won against Prost, Berger, Mansell, Patrese, and Nakajima.

IN : In 2009, Time magazine quoted an unnamed Grammy-winning recording engineer as saying, `` Let's just say I've had Auto-Tune save vocals on everything from Britney Spears to Bollywood cast albums.
OUT: An unnamed Grammy-winning recording engineer has used Auto-Tune on vocals for Britney Spears and Bollywood cast albums.

IN : They were connected by a stairway set at right angles (they were not spiral) .
OUT: They were connected by a right-angled stairway. (or) They used a right-angled stairway to connect.

IN : Moyenneville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Moyenneville is a commune in France (Pas-de-Calais department, Nord-Pas-de-Calais region).

IN : Patrese was dropping back and Piquet got by him as well.
OUT: Piquet passed Patrese.

IN : Thetford is a market town and civil parish in the Breckland district of Norfolk, England. It is on the A11 road between Norwich and London, just south of Thetford Forest.
OUT: Thetford is a market town in Norfolk, England, on the A11 road between Norwich and London.

IN : Eye contact can indicate interest, attention, and involvement.
OUT: Eye contact shows interest, attention, and involvement.

IN : However, most other nautilus species never exceed 20 c. Nautilus macromphalus is the smallest species, usually measuring only 16 c.
OUT: Nautilus macromphalus is the smallest nautilus species, measuring only 16 centimeters.

IN : East Timor was colonized by Portugal in the 16th century, and was known as Portuguese Timor until Portugal's decolonization of the country.
OUT: Portuguese colonized East Timor in the 16th century, and it was called Portuguese Timor until decolonization.

IN : The character, created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, is voiced by Dante Basco and is portrayed by Dev Patel in the 2010 film The Last Airbender by M. Night Shyamalan.
OUT: The character is voiced by Dante Basco and portrayed by Dev Patel in The Last Airbender (2010).

IN : He forced a crossing of the Weser near modern Minden, suffering some losses to a Germanic skirmishing force, and forced Arminius' army to stand in open battle at Idistaviso in the Battle of the Weser River.
OUT: The Battle of the Weser River took place, resulting in Arminius' army engaging in open battle. (He forced a crossing of the Weser near modern Minden and suffered losses to a Germanic skirmishing force.)

IN : According to the alternative constitutive theory of statehood, a state exists only insofar as it is recognized by other states.
OUT: A state exists under the alternative constitutive theory only with recognition by other states.

IN : Josh Lyman is seen giving Santos the same advice, although the Santos campaign does send a team of lawyers down to Nevada.
OUT: Josh Lyman gives Santos the same advice, but Santos hires lawyers.

IN : Shangrila Resort Hotel was founded by the late Brig. (Retd) Muhammad Aslam Khan, the first commander of the Northern Scouts of the Pakistan Army.
OUT: Shangrila Resort Hotel was founded by Brig. (Retd) Muhammad Aslam Khan, a former commander of the Northern Scouts in the Pakistan Army.

IN : Presles-et-Thierny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Presles-et-Thierny is a commune in northern France's Picardy region, located in the Aisne department.

IN : The Avas is a hill (234 m) in the heart of Miskolc.
OUT: The Avas is a 234-meter-high hill in Miskolc's center.

IN : Files can be created using a raster graphics editor.
OUT: A raster graphics editor can create files.

IN : It ruled over an area extending across the Peten Lakes region, encompassing the community of Eckixil on Lake Quexil.
OUT: The area including Eckixil on Lake Quexil was ruled over.

IN : Latina is the capital of the province of Latina in the Lazio region, in central Italy.
OUT: Latina is the capital city of the Lazio region in central Italy.

IN : Stephen, was created in 1969 because residents wanted to educate their children locally.
OUT: Step: The residents created Stephen in 1969 to educate their children locally.

IN : The following discussion is preserved as an archive of a successful request for adminship.
OUT: The following discussion is an archive of a successful adminship request.

IN : A steam locomotive is a locomotive that produces its power through a steam engine.
OUT: A steam locomotive is a steam-powered locomotive.

IN : Daisuke Aono is a Japanese football player.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Daisuke Aono is a Japanese football player. Simplified sentence: Daisuke Aono is a Japanese footballer.

IN : Schill however later affirmed Beust's version of the story, except for the accusations of blackmail, saying that he warned Beust to stay clear of nepotism, and that this had nothing to do with Beust's sexual orientation.
OUT: Schill later confirmed Beust's account, except for the blackmail allegations. He warned Beust about nepotism, but this had no connection to Beust's sexual orientation.

IN : Under Islamic rule, the Copts paid only one tax, the jizya. Also, Copts were excluded from service in the army.
OUT: Under Islamic rule, Copts paid the jizya tax and were barred from military service.

IN : The notion of permutation is used in the following contexts.
OUT: The notion of permutation is used in these contexts.

IN : Assuming victory, the Trojans take the horse into the city and celebrate.
OUT: If they win, the Trojans bring the horse into the city and celebrate.

IN : The economy, however, relies mostly on agriculture, with large plantations growing bananas, cacao and coffee dotting the landscape.
OUT: A significant portion of the economy depends on agriculture, specifically banana, cacao, and coffee plantations.

IN : The main goal was to make the governments more active.
OUT: The aim was to make governments more involved.

IN : The bushland around Mansfield is used for horse riding, trail biking and four wheel driving on extensive tracks throughout the region.
OUT: The region around Mansfield is used for horse riding, trail biking, and four-wheel driving on extensive tracks.

IN : Industrial metal is a heavy metal musical genre that draws from industrial music and many different types of heavy metal, using repeating metal guitar riffs, sampling, synthesizer or sequencer lines, and distorted vocals.
OUT: Industrial metal is a genre that combines heavy metal and industrial music, characterized by distorted vocals, repetitive guitar riffs, and electronic elements.

IN : Following this, the WWE Women's Championship soon became Raw-exclusive as well.
OUT: The WWE Women's Championship later became exclusive to Raw.

IN : Different denominations use different confessions, usually based on historical reasons.
OUT: Different denominations have unique confessions, often due to historical causes.

IN : Until the year 2000, when divisions were abolished, Kurram District used to be part of the Peshawar Division of the North-West Frontier Province, now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa of Pakistan.
OUT: The Kurram District was part of the Peshawar Division in the North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan, until the abolition of divisions in 2000.

IN : The Games rebounded when the 1906 Intercalated Games (so-called because they were the second Games held within the third Olympiad) were held in Athens.
OUT: The 1906 Athens Games revived the Olympics.

IN : Much, but by no means all of the council and local civil service is housed at Manchester Town Hall and the Town Hall Extension, in the city's commercial center.
OUT: Some of the council and local civil service are based at Manchester Town Hall and the Town Hall Extension, in the city center.

IN : The original outline of the fort is also marked on the pavement of streets and sidewalks that pass over its former location, in the form of special paving stones.
OUT: The pavement near the fort's old site features special stones marking its original outline.

IN : There was no evidence of a sex game, of any form.
OUT: A sex game was not evident.

IN : The median income for a household in the county was $ 32,998, and the median income for a family was $ 40,407.
OUT: The median income for a household and a family in the county was around $33,000 and $40,400, respectively.

IN : A Probation and Parole Office was also opened in the center of town.
OUT: A Probation and Parole Office was opened in the town center.

IN : It occurs in the fictional city of Metropolis.
OUT: The event takes place in Metropolis.

IN : Oral medications may be used in the case of type 2 diabetes, as well as insulin) .
OUT: Type 2 diabetes can be managed with oral medications.

IN : The continuation of this arrangement after the Red Bull takeover caused friction with other teams, in particular Super Aguri and Midland who felt that the engine conferred too much of an advantage.
OUT: The takeover of Red Bull caused tension with other teams, especially Super Aguri and Midland, who believed the engine gave too much of an advantage.

IN : Stoke Newington railway station links Stoke Newington to Liverpool Street in central London, and to Cheshunt and Enfield Town further north.
OUT: The railway station in Stoke Newington connects it to Liverpool Street in central London, and to Cheshunt and Enfield Town in the north.

IN : Nassau County is governed by the five-member Nassau County Board of County Commissioners, who are elected to four-year terms by the voters.
OUT: The county is governed by the Nassau County Board of County Commissioners, a five-member body elected to four-year terms by the voters.

IN : As Nintendo's mascot, Mario is arguably the most famous character in video game history, and his image is commonly associated with video games.
OUT: Mario, Nintendo's mascot, is the most famous character in video game history, often symbolizing video games.

IN : Dworshak Dam is a hydroelectric, concrete gravity dam in Clearwater County, Idaho, United States on the North Fork Clearwater River.
OUT: The dam is in Clearwater County, Idaho, United States on the North Fork Clearwater River, and it generates hydroelectric power.

IN : The taxi station in Basseterre is located at the Circus (466 6999) .
OUT: The taxi station is in Basseterre at Circus (466 6999).

IN : The term is sometimes used to refer only to protein translation but more often it refers to a multi-step process, beginning with amino acid synthesis and transcription of nuclear DNA into messenger RNA, which is then used as input to translation.
OUT: The multi-step process involves amino acid synthesis, transcription of nuclear DNA into messenger RNA, and protein translation.

IN : Deportivo Petare has started de 2010\/2011 season with good results, ending fourth at the end of the first half of the season in December 2010.
OUT: Deportivo Petare had a strong first half of the 2010-2011 season, finishing fourth.

IN : The show consisted of his solo material and a solo version of the Backstreet Boys hit, "Incomplete" .
OUT: The show included his solo songs and a solo performance of "Incomplete" (Backstreet Boys hit).

IN : Amigny-Rouy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Amigny-Rouy is a commune in northern France, in the department of Aisne (Picardy).

IN : The area is supported by a gold and copper mine, Northparkes, north of the town.
OUT: A gold and copper mine, Northparkes, supports the area north of the town.

IN : Pericles' speech, like Lincoln's, begins with an acknowledgment of revered predecessors: "I shall begin with our ancestors: it is both just and proper that they should have the honor of the first mention on an occasion like the present" ; then praises the uniqueness of the State's commitment to democracy: "If we look to the laws, they afford equal justice to all in their private differences" ; honors the sacrifice of the slain, "Thus choosing to die resisting, rather than to live submitting, they fled only from dishonor, but met danger face to face" ; and exhorts the living to continue the struggle: "You, their survivors, must determine to have as unfaltering a resolution in the field, though you may pray that it may have a happier issue."
OUT: 

IN : In the Tokyo area, there is also a tradition of giving out soba to new neighbors after a house move (Hikkoshi soba) , although this practice is now rare.
OUT: A tradition exists in Tokyo for new neighbors to receive soba after a house move (Hikkoshi soba).

IN : Joseph Kim Mitchell (born July 10, 1952 in Sarnia, Ontario) is a Canadian guitarist.
OUT: Joseph Mitchell, born July 10, 1952 in Sarnia, Ontario, is a Canadian guitarist.

IN : But when a relative key ascends the opposite side of the circle from its home key, then theory suggests that double-sharps and double-flats would have to be incorporated into the notated key signature.
OUT: When a relative key ascends the opposite side of the circle, theory suggests adding double-sharps or double-flats to the key signature.

IN : The case was investigated by the UK Serious Fraud Office.
OUT: The UK Serious Fraud Office investigated the case.

IN : However, when Rachel decides to go to Mexico with her friends, Chloe gets dognapped.
OUT: When Rachel goes to Mexico with her friends, Chloe gets dognapped.

IN : Guide dogs (also called seeing-eye dogs) are assistance dogs trained to lead blind and visually impaired people around obstacles.
OUT: Guide dogs, or seeing-eye dogs, help blind and visually impaired people navigate around obstacles.

IN : However the main eyes at the front of spiders' heads are pigment-cup ocelli that are capable of forming images.
OUT: Spiders' front eyes, or pigment-cup ocelli, can form images.

IN : In a review for the BBC, Chris Jones described the song as "nursery rhyme surrealism" that contributed to Sgt. Pepper's "revolutionary... sonic carpet that enveloped the ears and sent the listener spinning into other realms."
OUT: In his BBC review, Chris Jones called the song "nursery rhyme surrealism" that helped create Sgt. Pepper's innovative sound.

IN : Lieuche is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
OUT: The commune of Lieuche is located in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.

IN : As Hercules travels to the Underworld, a man arrives at Hercules' house and tells Deianeira that Hercules is dead.
OUT: Hercules is traveling to the Underworld. A man arrives at Hercules' house and tells Deianeira that Hercules has died.

IN : This process copies a piece of DNA.
OUT: The process copies DNA.

IN : It was impossible to cross here, but after a few days a better place was found, and constructing the rough frame of a boat, they managed to get across.
OUT: A few days later, they found a better place to cross and built a boat to get there.

IN : The policy says that all material challenged or likely to be challenged, including quotations, needs a reliable source; what counts as a reliable source is described here.
OUT: A reliable source is required for all challenged or potentially challenged material, including quotations.

IN : Sweden is today divided into 21 counties, and each county is further divided into municipalities.
OUT: Sweden is divided into 21 counties, each with multiple municipalities.

IN : Nutritional changes may also cause bacterial filamentation.
OUT: Bacterial filamentation can result from nutritional changes.

IN : Fletcher Christian (25 September 1764 -- 20 September 1793) was a master's mate on board the Bounty during William Bligh's fateful voyage to Tahiti for breadfruit plants (see Mutiny on the Bounty) .
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Fletcher Christian (25 September 1764 -- 20 September 1793) was a master's mate on board the Bounty during William Bligh's fateful voyage to Tahiti for breadfruit plants (see Mutiny on the Bounty) . He led the mutiny against Bligh on 28 April 1789, and sailed the ship back to Tahiti, where they lived for several months. Later, they set sail for England, but were captured by Bligh and his loyalists on the HMS Pandora. Christian and some of the other mutineers

IN : The prey population eventually recovers, starting a new cycle.
OUT: The prey population recovers.

IN : Walsall Football Club are an English Association football club based in Walsall, West Midlands.
OUT: Walsall is an English football club based in Walsall, West Midlands (formed 1888). They play at Bescot Stadium since 1990.

IN : Three times in his career he was named the most valuable player of the league, and he led the league once in goals scored and twice in points scored.
OUT: Three times, he was named the league's most valuable player, and he led the league in goals once and points twice.

IN : It is an important factor in many fields, such as education, business, online communities or social status.
OUT: Important in many fields: education, business, online communities, social status.

IN : Thomas Weelkes was, by this time, reinstated at Chichester Cathedral, but appeared to be spending a great deal of time in London. He died in London in 1623, in the house of a friend, almost certainly on 30 November and was buried on 1 December 1623 at St Bride's Fleet Street.
OUT: Thomas Weelkes was reinstated at Chichester Cathedral but spent much of his time in London, where he died in 1623. His friend's house was his last residence, and he was buried at St Bride's Fleet

IN : A sash (, shash) is a cloth belt used to hold a robe together, and is usually tied about the waist.
OUT: A sash is a cloth belt that holds a robe together, typically worn around the waist.

IN : There are 10 genera and 24 species of erinaceid.
OUT: Ten genera and twenty-four species belong to the erinaceid family.

IN : Beamish, The North of England Open Air Museum is an open-air museum located at Beamish, near the town of Stanley, County Durham, England.
OUT: The North of England Open Air Museum is located at Beamish, in County Durham, England.

IN : On 1 January 1890, Carter was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) .
OUT: On January 1, 1890, Carter was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG).

IN : After Capablanca's death, Alekhine expressed surprise at his own victory, since in 1927 he had not thought he was superior to Capablanca, and he suggested that Capablanca had been over-confident.
OUT: Alekhine was surprised by his victory over Capablanca after the latter's death, as he hadn't believed himself superior in 1927. Capablanca may have been over-confident.

IN : Christophe Beck composed the score.
OUT: Christophe Beck composed it.

IN : For example, a circle of radius 2 may be described as the set of all points whose coordinates x and y satisfy the equation x2 + y2 = 4.
OUT: A circle with radius 2 can be defined as the set of points (x, y) that fulfill the equation x + y = 4.

IN : Vestfold is mostly dominated by lowland and is among the best agricultural areas of Norway.
OUT: Vestfold is Norway's top agricultural region, known for its lowlands.

IN : Viewers were in accord with him as it achieved a 30 % audience share and made it into the Top Ten of programs viewed in Scotland, in spite of the fact that fewer than 2 % of the Scottish population can speak Gaelic.
OUT: Viewers agreed, with a 30% audience share and a Top Ten ranking in Scotland, despite fewer than 2% of Scots speaking Gaelic.

IN : This is a list of tectonic plates on Earth.
OUT: A list of Earth's tectonic plates.

IN : SF societies, referred to as "clubs" except in formal contexts, form a year-round base of activities for science fiction fans.
OUT: SF societies, or "clubs," provide year-round activities for science fiction fans.

IN : His first notable achievement was the Dawes Plan of 1924, which reduced Germany's overall reparations commitment and reorganized the Reichsbank.
OUT: In 1924, he implemented the Dawes Plan, reducing Germany's reparations and reorganizing the Reichsbank.

IN : Although any one instruction takes just as long to complete (there are still four steps) the CPU as a whole "retires" instructions much faster and can be run at a much higher clock speed.
OUT: The CPU processes instructions more quickly as a whole, even though each instruction takes the same amount of time.

IN : York has had a Christian presence from the fourth century.
OUT: York has had a Christian presence since the fourth century.

IN : Leonard Simon Nimoy (, ; born March 26, 1931) is an American actor, film director, poet, musician and photographer.
OUT: Leonard Nimoy is an American actor, director, poet, musician, and photographer.

IN : Under this system athletes with total loss of function in their legs will compete together in most sports, because their function loss is the same and the reason for the loss is immaterial.
OUT: Athletes with total leg loss compete in the same sports category, regardless of the cause of their loss.

IN : Christian Dior (21 January 1905, Granville, Manche -- 23 October 1957, Montecatini) , was an influential French fashion designer, best known as the founder of one of the world's top fashion houses, also called Christian Dior.
OUT: Christian Dior (1905-1957) was a renowned French fashion designer and founder of the Christian Dior fashion house.

IN : All of the radioactive bromine isotopes are relatively short lived.
OUT: Radioactive bromine isotopes have short lives.

IN : Riceville is a city in Howard and Mitchell Counties in the U.S. state of Iowa.
OUT: Riceville is a city located in Iowa's Howard and Mitchell Counties.

IN : The cricetids are small mammals, ranging from just 5 - in length and 7 g in weight in the New World Pygmy Mouse up to 41 - and 1100 g in the Muskrat.
OUT: Small mammals, the cricetids range from 5 inches and 7 g to 41 inches and 1100 g.

IN : With good range (up to 200 m indoors and 6 km using directional antennae outdoors) , dedicated spectrum, high interference immunity, open interoperability and data speeds of around 500 kbit\/s, DECT appeared at one time to be a superior alternative to Wi-Fi.
OUT: DECT offered superior range, dedicated spectrum, high interference immunity, and data speeds around 500 kbit/s, making it a potential alternative to Wi-Fi.

IN : A person who is beatified is given the title "Blessed" .
OUT: A person given the title "Blessed" has been beatified.

IN : Evelyn discovers that during Ninny's temporary stay at the nursing home, Ninny's house was condemned and torn down. Evelyn, having become good friends with Ninny, offers her a room in her home which Ninny accepts.
OUT: During Ninny's stay at the nursing home, Evelyn learns that Ninny's house was condemned and torn down. Evelyn invites Ninny to live with her.

IN : There are currently 4 genera and 54 species included in the Deomyinae.
OUT: The Deomyinae include 4 genera and 54 species.

IN : Knut was born at the Berlin Zoo to 20-year-old Tosca, a former circus performer from East Germany who was born in Canada, and her 13-year-old mate Lars, who was originally from the Tierpark Hellabrunn in Munich.
OUT: Knut was born at the Berlin Zoo to Tosca, a former circus performer, and Lars.

IN : East Sussex is a county in South East England.
OUT: East Sussex is in South East England.

IN : This template is used in the "Last race" field in the infobox for current F1 drivers and teams, to avoid having to manually update those fields after each race.
OUT: The template is used in the "Last race" field of infoboxes for current F1 drivers and teams.

IN : The CEP is largely responsible for putting English devolution on the political and social agenda. There is a regional devolution movement in Cornwall as well as some unofficial or historic English Regions such as Wessex and Mercia although these groups command very little support and are very much on the fringe of local politics
OUT: The CEP (Comprehensive Economic Partnership) has significantly contributed to the English devolution debate. Cornwall has a regional devolution movement, along with some historic English regions like Wessex and Mercia. However, these groups have minimal influence on local politics.

IN : As noted above, a number of ` Statutory Boards' and ` Commercial Boards' were created at various times.
OUT: A number of boards were created.

IN : The film was released on April 10, 2009 in the United States and Canada.
OUT: The film was released in the U.S. and Canada on April 10, 2009.

IN : When Khaled Hosseini was in third grade, he taught Khan to read and write.
OUT: Khaled Hosseini taught Khan to read and write in third grade.

IN : A 2007 study found rats to possess metacognition, a mental ability previously only documented in humans and some primates.
OUT: A 2007 study showed rats have the ability to think about their own thinking, a trait previously believed to be unique to humans and some primates.

IN : A notable attraction is the Beekman Arms Inn, which is located at the corner of NY 308 and US 9.
OUT: The Beekman Arms Inn is a notable attraction, located at the corner of NY 308 and US 9.

IN : There were 4,695 households out of which 29.20 % had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.00 % were married couples living together, 15.10 % had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.60 % were non-families.
OUT: - Nearly

IN : The East West MRT Line was the 2nd Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore.
OUT: The East West MRT Line was the second mass rapid transit line in Singapore.

IN : As Gordon moved eastward on the afternoon of 18th, a narrow ridge built in, forcing Helene westward.
OUT: On the afternoon of the 18th, Gordon went east while Helene was forced west by a ridge.

IN : In February 2005, THQ expressed a desire to see the game released toward the end of its 2006 fiscal year (March 31, 2006) but maintained that no release date had been set.
OUT: The game was expected to be released by THQ around March 2006.

IN : While one of the vice presidents is elected for a four-year term, the other is appointed permanently with his tenure ending by retirement from the vice presidency or from the Committee.
OUT: A vice president serves a four-year term, while the other is appointed permanently, with their tenure ending through retirement.

IN : Founded in 1869, Santa Ana is located in Southern California adjacent to the Santa Ana River, 10 m away from the California coast.
OUT: Santa Ana, founded in 1869, is located near the Santa Ana River in Southern California, approximately 10 miles from the coast.

IN : The Major Arcana or trumps are a suit of twenty-two cards in the tarot deck.
OUT: The Major Arcana consists of twenty-two cards in a tarot deck.

IN : As Pavlov's work became known in the West, particularly through the writings of John B. Watson, the idea of "conditioning" as an automatic form of learning became a key concept in the developing specialism of comparative psychology, and the general approach to psychology that underlay it, behaviorism.
OUT: The idea of conditioning as a key concept in the developing field of comparative psychology and the broader approach of behaviorism emerged as Pavlov's work gained recognition in the West, primarily through John B. Watson's writings.

IN : The presence of coal and clay in the area led to urbanisation as colleries, brickworks and potteries came to dominate Swadlincote. These industries continued to expand until the Second World War.
OUT: The area's coal and clay resources resulted in urban development, with industries such as colleries, brickworks, and potteries becoming prominent in Swadlincote. These industries thrived until the Second World War.

IN : The first Hungarian College in Ukraine is in Berehovo, the II.
OUT: The first Hungarian college in Ukraine is located in Berehovo, at II. Rakoczi Ter 1.

IN : In the twentieth century, Imperial Japan expanded into China and Southeast Asia during the Second World War.
OUT: The twentieth century saw Imperial Japan's expansion into China and Southeast Asia during the Second World War.

IN : Chase was awarded the 2003 Best Villain award at the MTV Movie Awards for her performance, beating out Mike Myers, Colin Farrell, Willem Dafoe and Daniel Day-Lewis.
OUT: 2. She beat out Mike Myers, Colin Farrell, Willem Dafoe, and Daniel Day-Lewis for the award.

IN : "Never Gonna Give You Up" is a song written and produced by Stock, Aitken & Waterman and sung by English singer Rick Astley. The song was released as the first single from Astley's multi-million selling debut album, Whenever You Need Somebody.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: "Never Gonna Give You Up" is a song written and produced by Stock, Aitken & Waterman and sung by English singer Rick Astley. The song was released as the first single from Astley's multi-million selling debut album, Whenever You Need Somebody. "Never Gonna Give You Up" reached number one on the UK Singles Chart and number five on the US Billboard Hot 100. It was written and produced by Stock, Aitken & Waterman for English singer Rick Astley as the first single from his debut album Whenever You Need Somebody. It reached number one on the UK Singles Chart and number five on

IN : In particle physics, proton decay is a hypothetical form of radioactive decay in which the proton decays into lighter subatomic particles, such as a neutral pion and a positron. There is currently no experimental evidence that proton decay occurs.
OUT: Proton decay is a hypothetical form of radioactive decay in which a proton transforms into lighter particles. No experimental evidence supports this process.

IN : Residents installed storm shutters, while boat owners moved their yachts to safer locations.
OUT: The residents installed storm shutters. Boat owners moved their yachts.

IN : Excel forms part of Microsoft Office.
OUT: Excel is a part of Microsoft Office.

IN : And now a pipe and end braces -RCB- -RCB- .
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: And now a pipe and end braces -RCB- -RCB- . . . -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -

IN : They used the Goomba's ability to be jumped on and defeated to teach players how to deal with enemies and to not fear the Super Mushroom.
OUT: Players learned to defeat enemies by jumping on them, using the Goomba's example.

IN : Its county seat is Trenton, Florida.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Its county seat is Trenton, Florida. The county seat of Trenton, Florida.

IN : The Martinique national football team represents the French overseas department and region of Martinique in international football.
OUT: Martinique's national football team represents Martinique in international matches.

IN : He followed this up with a further two goals against former employers Hibernian at Easter Road a month later.
OUT: He scored two more goals against Hibernian at Easter Road a month later.

IN : Manvieux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Manvieux is a commune in northwestern France, located in the Calvados department and the Basse-Normandie region.

IN : Critics noted it to be heavily influenced by pop groups like ABBA and Ace of Base, and predominantly gave positive reviews for it.
OUT: The critics praised the song for its pop influences, particularly from ABBA and Ace of Base.

IN : The island has a population of 820,257 with 378,628 (year 2005) of those in the capital city of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria. Las Palmas de Gran Canaria is the capital of the province of Las Palmas, and also one of the two capitals of the autonomous community of the Canary Islands, along with Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
OUT: The population of

IN : The Congo gets its name from the ancient Kingdom of Kongo which inhabited the lands at the mouth of the river.
OUT: The Congo's name derives from the ancient Kongo kingdom at the river's mouth.

IN : A hurricane struck the island of Dominica on September 20, bringing heavy winds and a 12 ft storm surge that devastated the capital of Roseau; 230 people are believed to have been killed by the hurricane's onslaught.
OUT: A hurricane hit Dominica on September 20, causing destruction in its capital, Roseau, with heavy winds and a 12 ft storm surge, resulting in approximately 230 fatalities.

IN : It is part of Arriva Midlands.
OUT: Arriva Midlands is a part of Arriva plc.

IN : There is a large electric power station which supplies the electricity to Primorsky Krai and causes ecological problems in Luchegorsk.
OUT: A large electric power station in Primorsky Krai provides electricity but causes ecological issues in Luchegorsk.

IN : Google searches (both and) appear to work on the "talk" namespaces associated with some non-article namespaces (such as Wikipedia talk:) , but they do not work on the Talk: namespace associated with articles, nor on the User talk: namespace.
OUT: Google searches work on some talk namespaces but not on article talk namespaces or user talk namespaces.

IN : During her lifetime, she produced 9,062 pounds of butterfat, impressive at the time.
OUT: A notable figure in her lifetime produced 9,062 pounds of butterfat.

IN : For example, Indian and Pakistani coconuts tend to be sweet while Brazilian coconuts have a mild taste and Bangladeshi coconuts (due to the soil composition) have extremely sweet water and flesh with a very slight salty aftertaste similar to the Indian variety.
OUT: Indian and Pakistani coconuts are sweet. Brazilian coconuts have a mild taste. Bangladeshi coconuts have extremely sweet water and flesh with a slight salty aftertaste, similar to the Indian variety.

IN : Critics derided Malevich for reaching art by negating everything good and pure: love of life and love of nature.
OUT: Critics criticized Malevich for creating art through rejecting the good and pure: love and nature.

IN : This kind of opinion was common in the Enlightenment, and goes with a rejection of revelation and miracles, and does not interpret the Bible as the literal word of God.
OUT: The Enlightenment favored this opinion, rejecting revelation, miracles, and interpreting the Bible metaphorically.

IN : In the next month they released their second music video compilation DVD, Film Bug I. On July 29, The Gazette performed at the Beethovenhalle in Bonn, Germany, their first show outside of Asia.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: In the next month they released their second music video compilation DVD, Film Bug I. On July 29, The Gazette performed at the Beethovenhalle in Bonn, Germany, their first show outside of Asia. They released their second music video compilation DVD, Film Bug I, in the following month.

IN : Before joining the NHL in 1988, Linden helped the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Hockey League (WHL) win consecutive Memorial Cup championships.
OUT: Before joining the NHL in 1988, Linden helped Medicine Hat Tigers win back-to-back Memorial Cups in the WHL.

IN : Lincoln Park Zoo is home to a wide variety of animals.
OUT: Lincoln Park Zoo has many kinds of animals.

IN : The swine flu in humans is most contagious during the first five days of the illness although some people, most commonly children, can remain contagious for up to ten days.
OUT: The first five days of swine flu in humans are when it's most contagious, but some people, especially children, may remain contagious for up to ten days.

IN : In a twisted nematic device (still the most common liquid crystal device) , the surface alignment directions at the two electrodes are perpendicular to each other, and so the molecules arrange themselves in a helical structure, or twist.
OUT: The most common liquid crystal device is a twisted nematic one, where the surface alignment directions at the two electrodes are perpendicular to each other, resulting in a helical or twisted structure of the molecules.

IN : Alongside the main live coverage, Radio Scotland also produces popular sporting magazine shows such as football fanzine Off the Ball, phone-in forum Your Call with Jim Traynor and the multi-sports program Sports Weekly, presented by former Scotland rugby player, John Beattie.
OUT: Radio Scotland produces magazine shows like Off the Ball, Your Call, and Sports Weekly, presented by Jim Traynor, John Beattie, and a former Scotland rugby player.

IN : Unlike his father, James Francis Edward Stuart, and brother, Charles Edward Stuart, Henry made no effort to seize the throne.
OUT: Henry didn't try to claim the throne like his father and brother, James and Charles Edward Stuart.

IN : Haitink has five children from his first marriage to Marjolein Snijder.
OUT: Haitink has five children from his first marriage.

IN : In 1907 the rod-like bacteria was called Lactobacillus bulgaricus (now Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp.
OUT: The German scientist Metchnikoff called Lactobacillus bulgaricus (now known as Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus) rod-like bacteria in 1907.

IN : It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 21, 1991.
OUT: It first aired on Fox in the US on November 21, 1991.

IN : For categories requiring a single diffusion and not continual maintenance, use.
OUT: Use categories that require only a single diffusion.

IN : The area was originally inhabited by the Wiradjuri people.
OUT: The Wiradjuri people originally inhabited the area.

IN : When she was told the Biblical story of Joseph and his coat of many colors, she sympathized with the eldest brothers rather than Joseph.
OUT: She felt more sympathy for Joseph's brothers than for Joseph in the Biblical story about the coat of many colors.

IN : The mayor and city council members have equal voting power to adopt ordinances and set the policies that govern the city.
OUT: The mayor and city council members have equal voting power on ordinances and city policies.

IN : This class is polyphyletic, and consists of two clades: the Solenogastres and the caudofoveata.
OUT: The class contains the Solenogastres and the Caudofoveata.

IN : You are now logged out.
OUT: You're logged out.

IN : Infant baptism is also called christening.
OUT: Infant baptism is known as christening.

IN : It was often said by sailors that sharks and pilot fish share something like a "close companionship" ; there were even tales of this fish following ships which had captured "their" shark for up to six weeks and showing signs of distress in its absence.
OUT: The sailors often said that sharks and pilot fish had a close relationship; pilot fish were known to follow ships that had caught their shark companion for up to six weeks.

IN : Dronjak had already composed the song "Steel Meets Steel" , which was later included on HammerFall's debut album.
OUT: Dronjak composed "Steel Meets Steel" before HammerFall's debut album.

IN : However, he was convinced by his father-in-law, the daimyo of Owari province, to instead resign as daimyo.
OUT: His father-in-law, the daimyo of Owari province, convinced him to resign as daimyo.

IN : These claims are also reflected in the variety of names used for the islands and the sea.
OUT: The names of the islands and the sea reflect these claims.

IN : On July 6, 2007, Dozois had surgery for a planned quintuple bypass operation.
OUT: Dozois had quintuple bypass surgery on July 6, 2007.

IN : In 1953 he married Margot Feist and they remained married until his death.
OUT: He married Margot Feist in 1953 and remained married until his death.

IN : Upon entering the area of responsibility of the Canadian Hurricane Centre, a Canadian buoy recorded maximum sustained winds of 36 mph (56 km\/h) with gusts to 44 mph (70 km\/h) .
OUT: A buoy in the Canadian Hurricane Centre's area recorded winds of 36 mph (56 km/h) with gusts up to 44 mph (70 km/h).

IN : Over the years the Jazz Messengers served as a springboard for young jazz musicians such as Donald Byrd, Johnny Griffin, Lee Morgan, Wayne Shorter, Freddie Hubbard, Keith Jarrett, Chuck Mangione, Woody Shaw, Joanne Brackeen and Wynton Marsalis.
OUT: The Jazz Messengers provided a launchpad for notable jazz musicians including Donald Byrd, Johnny Griffin, Lee Morgan, Wayne Shorter, Freddie Hubbard, Keith Jarrett, Chuck Mangione, Woody Shaw, Joanne Brackeen, and Wynton Marsalis.

IN : As the lava cooled rapidly, contraction occurred.
OUT: The cooling lava contracted.

IN : For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.4 males.
OUT: There were 84.4 males for every 100 females aged 18 and over.

IN : The urban educational and cultural opportunities of Aarau have been extended through numerous new institutions.
OUT: Aarau's urban educational and cultural opportunities have expanded with new institutions.

IN : He has played for the Japanese national team.
OUT: He plays for Japan's national team.

IN : Many countries' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number, sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or occasionally the emergency services number, that allows a caller to contact local emergency services for assistance.
OUT: Most countries have a single emergency phone number for accessing local emergency services.

IN : The name ` Polythene Pam' came from the nickname of an early Beatles' fan from the Cavern Club days, named Pat Hodgett (now Dawson) , who would often eat polythene.
OUT: Pat Hodgett, an early Beatles fan from the Cavern Club days, was known as Polythene Pam because she frequently ate polythene.

IN : So, the next year, in 1960, he took a research position at the Cowles Foundation, while also doing some teaching at Yale.
OUT: The next year, in 1960, he held a research position at the Cowles Foundation and taught at Yale.

IN : Open-wheel vehicles, due to their light weight, aerodynamic capabilities, and powerful engines, are often considered the fastest racing vehicles available and among the most challenging to master.
OUT: Open-wheel vehicles are known for their speed and difficulty to master due to their light weight, aerodynamic design, and powerful engines.

IN : David Silverman (born on 15 March 1957 in New York City, New York) is an animator best known for directing numerous episodes of the animated TV series The Simpsons, as well as The Simpsons Movie.
OUT: David Silverman, born in New York City on March 15, 1957, is an animator known for directing The Simpsons episodes and the movie.

IN : Classical ciphers are typically vulnerable to known-plaintext attack.
OUT: Classical ciphers can be broken using known-plaintext attacks.

IN : It replaced the BBC Home Service in 1967.
OUT: Replaced BBC Home Service in 1967.

IN : Additionally, foreigners from outside the realm may be added as "honorary members" .
OUT: Honorary members can be foreigners from outside the realm.

IN : Until the 20th century, the history of strength training was very similar to the history of weight training.
OUT: From the 19th century up to the 20th century, the history of strength training and weight training were nearly identical.

IN : The robotic Momo was changed to a flying lemur, and the herd of bison was reduced to one.
OUT: The Momo robot became a flying lemur, and the herd consisted of one bison.

IN : A retrospective was put on at the Carnegie Institute in Pittsburgh in 1961, and he was Denmark's representative at the Venice Biennale in 1962.
OUT: The Carnegie Institute in Pittsburgh held a retrospective for him in 1961. In 1962, he represented Denmark at the Venice Biennale.

IN : In September 1859, their second son, also named Samuel Orchart, was born.
OUT: Their second son, born in September 1859, was named Samuel Orchart.

IN : Al Michaels and John Madden are still the play-by-play and color commentary for the Wii, PS2, Xbox, and PSP versions.
OUT: Michaels and Madden provide commentary for Wii, PS2, Xbox, and PSP versions.

IN : Magnetic field lines outside of a magnet point from the north pole to the south.
OUT: Magnetic field points from north to south outside a magnet.

IN : The French press goes by various names around the world.
OUT: The French press is known by different names worldwide.

IN : The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is an order of chivalry established on 4 June 1917 by George V of the United Kingdom.
OUT: The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is an order of chivalry established in 1917 by George V.

IN : These are lists of active and all-time National Hockey League (NHL) franchise post-season, post-season series win, Stanley Cup Final and Stanley Cup droughts up to and including the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs.
OUT: Simpl

IN : Its county seat is Miami.
OUT: The county seat is Miami.

IN : Catherine Jinks (born 1963) is an Australian author.
OUT: Catherine Jinks is an Australian author (born in 1963).

IN : The opera was first performed at La Fenice in Venice on February 3, 1823.
OUT: The opera had its premiere at La Fenice in Venice on February 3, 1823.

IN : The or Bayreuth Festival Theatre is an opera house north of Bayreuth, Germany, dedicated solely to the performance of operas by the 19th-century German composer Richard Wagner.
OUT: The Bayreuth Festival Theatre in Germany is dedicated to performing only the operas of 19th-century German composer Richard Wagner.

IN : Davis dropped out of Juilliard, after asking permission from his father.
OUT: Davis left Juilliard with his father's approval.

IN : Pius began his pontificate by giving large alms to the poor, charity, and hospitals, and the pontiff was known for consoling the poor and sick, and supporting missionaries.
OUT: Pius began his pontificate by giving generously to the poor, charity, hospitals, and missionaries, and was known for consoling the sick and supporting the needy.

IN : They are usually made from hardwoods, especially the various eucalyptus species that are endemic to the region.
OUT: Hardwood eucalyptus species are commonly used.

IN : One of its first proponents was Pyrrho of Elis (c. 360-275 B.C.) , who traveled and studied as far as India and propounded the adoption of "practical" skepticism.
OUT: Pyrrho of Elis (c. 360-275 B.C.), who studied in India, was an early advocate for practical skepticism.

IN : Eighteen species have been described.
OUT: The sentence is already simplified. However, if you meant to ask for a simpler way to express the same idea, consider using "Eighteen species have been identified." or "Eighteen species have been documented." or "Eighteen species have been discovered." or "Eighteen species have been reported." or "Eighteen species have been identified and named." or "Eighteen species have been added to the list." or "Eighteen new species have been found." or "Eighteen new species have been identified." or "Eighteen new species have been documented." or "Eight

IN : His father was Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the second son of Ernst I, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
OUT: His father was the second son of Duke Ernst I of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

IN : Upon Horton's death in 1974, Joyce bought out the Horton family's shares for $ 1 million and took over as sole owner of the existing chain of forty stores.
OUT: Having bought out the Horton family for $1 million in 1974, Joyce became the sole owner of the forty-store chain.

IN : At the time she was singing purely traditional unaccompanied material but in 1976 she collaborated with Maddy Prior on the Silly Sisters album and tour, with a full band that included Nic Jones.
OUT: She sang traditional material unaccompanied until 1976, then collaborated with Maddy Prior on the Silly Sisters album and tour, using a full band with Nic Jones.

IN : The venue was the hosting stadium of the 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa matches played in Bloemfontein.
OUT: The venue hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa matches in Bloemfontein.

IN : The War Department also bore responsibility for naval affairs until the establishment of the Navy Department in 1798 and for most land-based air forces until the creation of the Department of the Air Force in 1947.
OUT: The War Department handled naval affairs until 1798 and land-based air forces until 1947.

IN : In 1978, he founded the London Classical Players and remained their musical director until 1997.
OUT: He founded the London Classical Players in 1978 and served as their musical director until 1997.

IN : Ferrous (Fe2 +) , in chemical science, indicates a bivalent iron compound (+2 oxidation state) , as opposed to ferric, which indicates a trivalent iron compound (+3 oxidation state) .
OUT: In chemistry, ferrous refers to a bivalent iron compound (Fe2+), while ferric refers to a trivalent iron compound (Fe3+).

IN : Very spacious given the small number of prisoners using it, the garden space was initially divided into small personal plots that were used by each prisoner in many ways, usually for the growing of vegetables.
OUT: The garden, despite its small size, offered ample space for each prisoner to grow vegetables.

IN : erste Liebe, now lost) .
OUT: "My first love, now gone."

IN : With the collaboration of Herbert von Karajan and the Philharmonia Orchestra, he produced what many still consider to be the definitive recordings of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's horn concerti.
OUT: Herb and the Philharmonia Orchestra produced definitive Mozart horn concerti recordings.

IN : Another, even smaller, island called Pianosa lies off the Adriatic coast of Italy, north of Monte Gargano.
OUT: A smaller island named Pianosa is located north of Monte Gargano along Italy's Adriatic coast.

IN : Along with Lake Van and Lake Urmia, Sevan was considered one of the three great lakes of the historical Armenian Kingdom, collectively referred to as the Seas of Armenia; it is the only one within the boundaries of today's Republic of Armenia.
OUT: The great lakes of the historical Armenian Kingdom, collectively referred to as the Seas of Armenia, include Lake Sevan, Lake Van, and Lake Urmia. Lake Sevan is the only one located within the borders of today's Republic of Armenia.

IN : The professional phagocytes include cells called neutrophils, monocytes, macrophages, dendritic cells, and mast cells.
OUT: Neutrophils, monocytes, macrophages, dendritic cells, and mast cells are types of professional phagocytes.

IN : Shortly afterwards, the Toa escaped the core before the energy storm caused by Mata Nui's awakening could destroy them.
OUT: The Toa escaped the core before the energy storm destroyed them.

IN : The line has hump-backed stations which allow trains to store gravitational potential energy as they slow down and release it when they leave a station.
OUT: The line's stations have hills for trains to store energy before leaving.

IN : Before he joined the NHL, Demitra played in his native Slovakia, as well as the American Hockey League (AHL) and International Hockey League (IHL) , minor professional leagues in North America.
OUT: Demitra played in Slovakia and minor leagues in North America before joining the NHL.

IN : They rode a boat to a village and gave some toys to children.
OUT: They took toys to a village and gave them to children.

IN : If a predator were to bite off an arm tip, the Vampire Squid can regenerate it.
OUT: A Vampire Squid can regenerate a lost arm tip.

IN : The auditorium was named in honor of Arthur Hill (1847-1909) , who served as a regent of the university from 1901 to 1909.
OUT: Arthur Hill, a university regent from 1901 to 1909, named the auditorium.

IN : However, blisters can be filled with blood (known as blood blisters) or with pus (if they become infected) .
OUT: Blisters can contain blood or pus.

IN : He also wrote a Requiem mass around 1460, which is lost.
OUT: He wrote a Requiem mass around 1460, which is missing.

IN : Burla is a commune located in Suceava County, Romania.
OUT: The commune of Burla is in Suceava County, Romania.

IN : He worked as a production assistant and starred as the character MC Pee Pants in the episodes "MC Pee Pants" , "Super Sir Loin" , "The Last One" , and `` Little Brittle, as well as the young Carl in episode 18. He reprised the role of MC Pee Pants in Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters and in the PlayStation2 video game, Aqua Teen Hunger Force Zombie Ninja Pro-Am.
OUT: He appeared as MC Pee Pants in "MC Pee Pants," "Super Sir Loin," "

IN : Sompote Saengduenchai, founder\/president of Chaiyo Productions, claimed and maintained that in 1976, the late Noboru Tsuburaya, Eiji's son, who had died in 1995, had given him and his company a contract which had given him rights to everything Ultraman outside Japanese territories in exchange for a monetary loan.
OUT: Sompote Saengduenchai, founder of Chaiyo Productions, said he received rights to Ultraman outside Japan in 1976 in exchange for a loan from Nob

IN : Waylon Arnold Jennings (June 15, 1937 - February 13, 2002) was an American country music singer, songwriter, and musician.
OUT: Waylon Jennings (1937-2002) was a country music singer, songwriter, and musician.

IN : It was the special seat of the worship of the Sumerian god Enlil, the "Lord Wind," ruler of the cosmos subject to An alone.
OUT: The special seat of Enlil, the Sumerian god of wind and ruler of the cosmos, was devoted to his worship, answerable only to An.

IN : For problems, use the LL scales.
OUT: Use LL scales for problems.

IN : In his youth he studied the Bible, St. Thomas Aquinas and Aristotle. Savonarola initially studied at the University of Ferrara, where he appears to have taken an advanced Arts degree.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: In his youth he studied the Bible, St. Thomas Aquinas and Aristotle. Savonarola initially studied at the University of Ferrara, where he appears to have taken an advanced Arts degree. Later, he went to Bologna to study theology, where he was influenced by St. Thomas Aquinas and Aristotle.

IN : The World Bank's ongoing work to develop a strategy on climate change and environmental threats has been criticized for (i) lacking of a proper overall vision and purpose, (ii) having a limited focus on its own role in global and regional governance, and (iii) having limited recognition of specific regional issues, e.g. issues of rights to food and land, and sustainable land use.
OUT: The World Bank's strategy on climate change and environmental threats has been criticized for lacking a clear vision and purpose, focusing narrowly on its own role, and disregarding specific regional issues, such as food and land rights, and sustainable land use.

IN : It was long thought that the characteristics of Drosophila flight were dominated by the viscosity of the air, rather than the inertia of the fly body.
OUT: The belief was that air viscosity, not fly body inertia, largely influenced Drosophila flight characteristics.

IN : The British Rail Class 55 is a successful class of diesel locomotive built in 1961 and 1962 by English Electric.
OUT: A successful class of diesel locomotives, the British Rail Class 55, was built by English Electric in 1961 and 1962.

IN : The Ennis Business college is one of Ennis's 3rd level facilities.
OUT: The Ennis Business College is one of Ennis's third-level institutions.

IN : From the day of its initial release and up until mid-November 2006, Halo 2 was the most popular video game on Xbox Live, even after the release of the Xbox 360; its position was eventually surpassed in 2006 by the 360-exclusive Gears of War. Halo and Halo 2 are still some of the most played games for the Xbox console.
OUT: The most popular Xbox Live game from its release until mid-November 2006 was Halo 2, which was later surpassed by Gears of War in 200

IN : Such notables as Aeschylus, Sophocles, Euripides, and Aristophanes established forms still relied on by their modern counterparts.
OUT: Notables like Aeschylus, Sophocles, Euripides, and Aristophanes developed forms used by contemporary playwrights.

IN : This category is for people who are publicly known as members or former members of the Church of Scientology.
OUT: Category: People known to be members or former members of the Church of Scientology.

IN : For the next three years he was a legal advisor in Laubach.
OUT: He was the legal advisor in Laubach for three years.

IN : The town was founded in 1789 by the Russian Governor General of Novorossiya, Prince Grigori Potemkin, initially as a shipyard called simply a New Shipyard on the Ingul river.
OUT: The town was founded in 1789 by Prince Grigori Potemkin, governor general of Novorossiya, as a new shipyard on the Ingul river.

IN : In addition, Guebert is a member of the 2004-05 Huskie Athletics All Academic 1st Team and 2004-05 CIS Academic All-Canadian Team.
OUT: Guebert is a member of the 2004-05 Huskies Academic All-Star team and the 2004-05 CIS Academic All-Canadian team.

IN : Swaythling - Burgess Road - Bassett Crossroads - Avenue Junction closed on 5 March 1949.
OUT: The road closures occurred on 5 March 1949 at Swaythling, Burgess Road, Bassett Crossroads, and Avenue Junction.

IN : The expert's conclusion that a defect in the tire caused the accident rested on certain observations about the tire that Kumho Tire vigorously disputed.
OUT: A dispute arose over the expert's conclusion that a tire defect caused the accident, with Kumho Tire challenging the observations used to support it.

IN : Before the 1910 season, Hugh Chalmers of Chalmers Automobile announced he would present a Chalmers Model 30 automobile to the player with the highest batting average in Major League Baseball at the end of the season.
OUT: In 1910, the MLB player with the highest batting average received a Chalmers Model 30 automobile from Hugh Chalmers of Chalmers Automobile.

IN : Although bought at the auction (it is believed by Barwicks of London) by December 1935, Lew was working for Sidney Castle, the dismantler of the railway.
OUT: By December 1935, Lew was working for Sidney Castle. (It is believed that Lew was bought at the auction by that time.)

IN : This is the category of minerals in general. See List of minerals for more.
OUT: The category of minerals in general is outlined in the List of minerals.

IN : Aaron Dontez Yates (born November 8, 1971) , better known by his stage name Tech N9ne (pronounced "Tech Nine") , is an American rapper from Kansas City, Missouri.
OUT: Tech N9ne is an American rapper from Kansas City, Missouri.

IN : Argenteuil is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, France.
OUT: Argenteuil is a French commune northwest of Paris.

IN : This is the hexadecimal color code used for Chiltern Railways routes.
OUT: The hexadecimal color code for Chiltern Railways routes is: [color code]

IN : Ligue 2, formerly known as Division 2, is a French professional football league.
OUT: Ligue 2 is a French professional football league.

IN : TWAS, until 2004 named Third World Academy of Sciences and now TWAS, the academy of sciences for the developing world, is a merit-based science academy uniting 1,000 scientists in some 70 countries.
OUT: The Academy of Sciences for the developing world, now known as TWAS, is a merit-based organization uniting over 1,000 scientists in approximately 70 countries.

IN : On October 20, the Parkwood rescued Walls unconscious, but initially feared to be dead.
OUT: The rescued unconscious Walls on October 20. (Simplified sentence)

IN : SU Remix) E. Black Sun Empire - Driving Insane F. Black Sun Empire - The Rat (Kemal Remix) G. Black Sun Empire - Stasis H. Black Sun Empire & Stu - Swipe
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: SU Remix) E. Black Sun Empire - Driving Insane F. Black Sun Empire - The Rat (Kemal Remix) G. Black Sun Empire - Stasis H. Black Sun Empire & Stu - Swipe Right I. Black Sun Empire - The Rat (Kemal Remix 2) J. Black Sun Empire - The Rat (Kemal Remix 3) K. Black Sun Empire - The Rat (Kemal Remix 4) L. Black Sun Empire - The Rat (Kemal Remix 5) M. Black Sun Empire - The Rat (Kemal Remix 6) N.

IN : He discovered the answer to several seeming paradoxes caused by ascertainment bias.
OUT: The answer to several paradoxes was discovered by him due to ascertainment bias.

IN : A much larger group of people is identified as disciples in the opening of the passage of the Sermon on the Plain that begins in Luke.
OUT: More people are identified as disciples at the start of Luke's Sermon on the Plain.

IN : ABI's seven other beers are sold on a somewhat limited scale, but its Colt 45 brand, launched in 1995, is the biggest among them.
OUT: ABI's Colt 45 brand is its biggest-selling beer.

IN : The nearest towns are Privas and Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut.
OUT: The nearest towns are Privas and Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut. (This sentence is already simplified.)

IN : Lorenzo Jules Staelens (born 30 April 1964 in Kortrijk) is a retired Belgian footballer and a current manager.
OUT: Lorenzo Staelens is a retired Belgian footballer and current manager.

IN : The spot was observed at different times with different sizes and shapes.
OUT: The spot was observed at various times with varying sizes and shapes.

IN : SC Paderborn 07 is a German football club based in Paderborn, North Rhine-Westphalia, currently playing in the 2.
OUT: Paderborn is a German football club in North Rhine-Westphalia, playing in 2. Bundesliga.

IN : The significance of meiosis for reproduction and inheritance, however, was first described in 1890 by Weismann, who noted that two cell divisions were necessary to transform one diploid cell into four haploid cells if the number of chromosomes had to be maintained.
OUT: Weismann first described meiosis' role in reproduction and inheritance in 1890, noting it requires two cell divisions to create haploid cells while maintaining chromosome numbers.

IN : Rudolph I 1298-1356 rivalled as Saxon Prince-Elector by his cousin John II.
OUT: Rudolph I (1298-1356) and cousin John II were rivals for the Saxon Prince-Elector position.

IN : He was leader of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for over half a century.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: He was leader of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for over half a century. He led the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for over 50 years.

IN : Infections may range from nuisance to criminal, and are becoming more sophisticated each year.
OUT: Infections can be annoying to dangerous, and are growing more complex every year.

IN : Another featured the Mask becoming a personal assistant to the President of the US, with the job merely handed to him (the president was a caricature of no real president; it should also be noted that former Mask comic writer John Arcudi wrote both example episodes, a stark departure from his usual writing) .
OUT: The Mask served as a personal assistant to the US president in one episode. (Note: The president was a caricature and not a real one.)

IN : Voulpaix is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Voulpaix is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department.

IN : Within the Hirundiniae, the name "martin" tends to be used for the squarer-tailed species, and the name "swallow" for the more fork-tailed species; however, there is no scientific distinction between these two groups.
OUT: The Hirundiniae species can be informally categorized as "martins" or "swallows," but there is no scientific basis for this distinction.

IN : Its relative major is E major, and its parallel major is C-sharp major.
OUT: This key is E major, and its parallel major is C-sharp major.

IN : At right is displayed the color old mauve.
OUT: The old mauve color is displayed on the right.

IN : Primarily due to this influx of students, Auburn began a period of growth that lasted through the 1950s and 1960s.
OUT: Auburn grew significantly during the 1950s and 1960s due to an increase in students.

IN : On the other side of politics, Edward Heath advertised Danish Blue.
OUT: Edward Heath promoted Danish Blue on the political opposite.

IN : According to one FAO document, juniper berries are the only spice derived from conifers, though tar and inner bark (used as a sweetener in Apache cuisines) from pine trees is sometimes considered a spice as well.
OUT: Juniper berries are the only spice derived from conifers. Pine tree tar and inner bark, used as a sweetener in Apache cuisines, are sometimes considered spices as well.

IN : Gordevio was a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
OUT: The municipality of Gordevio was located in the district of Vallemaggia, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

IN : The Gulf would extend as far as Indio, California, except for the tremendous delta created by the Colorado River.
OUT: The Gulf almost reaches Indio, California, but is interrupted by the large Colorado River delta.

IN : There is no evidence of eyes before the Cambrian, but a wide range of diversity is evident in the Middle Cambrian Burgess shale.
OUT: No eyes before Cambrian, but diverse lifeforms in Middle Cambrian Burgess shale.

IN : Quetteville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Quetteville is a commune in northwestern France, located in the Calvados department and the Basse-Normandie region.

IN : `` Massive training is required to instill the courage to break with tradition.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: `` Massive training is required to instill the courage to break with tradition. '' Simplified sentence: `` It takes a lot of training to have the courage to defy tradition. ''

IN : The Summer Palace is a palace in Beijing, China.
OUT: The Summer Palace is a large imperial garden in Beijing, China, where Chinese emperors spent their summers for over 800 years.

IN : Saint-Algis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Saint-Algis is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department of Picardy.

IN : These two dynasties were originally considered to be the full extent of this unified kingdom, but historians now consider the 13th Dynasty to at least partially belong to the Middle Kingdom.
OUT: The 13th Dynasty is now considered a part of the Middle Kingdom.

IN : Technically, a diphthong is a vowel with two different targets: That is, the tongue moves during the pronunciation of the vowel.
OUT: A diphthong is a vowel with two distinct pronunciations.

IN : Chlamydia is a major infectious cause of human genital and eye disease.
OUT: Chlamydia causes significant genital and eye diseases in humans.

IN : Fully Loaded was an annual World Wrestling Entertainment (WWF) pay-per-view event, which started in July 1998 and was held for a further two years in July. The first edition of Fully Loaded, held in 1998 was an In Your House pay-per-view.
OUT: Fully Loaded was a WWF pay-per-view event, held annually from 1998 to 2000, with the first edition taking place as an In Your House event in 1998.

IN : The Tea Party movement has no central leadership but is composed of a loose affiliation of national and local groups that determine their own platforms and agendas.
OUT: The Tea Party is a decentralized collection of national and local groups setting their own agendas.

IN : By 2100 UTC on October 2, all tropical cyclone watches and warnings were lifted.
OUT: The tropical cyclone watches and warnings were lifted by 2100 UTC on October 2.

IN : The Hyperion Cantos is a series of science fiction novels by Dan Simmons.
OUT: Dan Simmons wrote the Hyperion Cantos science fiction novel series.

IN : There is also a development area at Child protection.
OUT: Child protection has a development area.

IN : Eight players from the Bruins would go on to play in the NHL.
OUT: Seven Bruins players reached the NHL.

IN : Clostridium perfringens (formerly known as C. welchii) is a Gram-positive, rod-shaped, anaerobic, spore-forming bacterium of the genus Clostridium.
OUT: Clostridium perfringens is a Gram-positive, rod-shaped, anaerobic bacterium of the genus Clostridium.

IN : Peterborough United Football Club are an English professional football club based in Peterborough.
OUT: Peterborough United is an English professional football club based in Peterborough.

IN : Perhaps the most you can do is say a prayer, or otherwise, counsel with them outside the scope of Wikipedia, but always protect your identity: "Beyond this point, there be demons" .
OUT: You can pray or give advice outside Wikipedia, but keep your identity hidden: "Beyond this point, demons lie."

IN : Hyssop is used as an ingredient in eau de Cologne and the liqueur Chartreuse.
OUT: Hyssop is used in eau de Cologne and Chartreuse.

IN : Civrieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
OUT: The commune of Civrieux is located in the Ain department in eastern France.

IN : She was raised in an Irish Catholic family and attended Thornridge High School.
OUT: She is an Irish Catholic who attended Thornridge High School.

IN : His Divine Comedy, originally called Commedia and later called Divina by Boccaccio, is considered the greatest literary work composed in the Italian language and a masterpiece of world literature.
OUT: The greatest literary work in Italian, Dante's Divine Comedy, is a masterpiece of world literature.

IN : FIFA's supreme body is the FIFA Congress, an assembly made up of representatives from each affiliated member association.
OUT: The FIFA Congress is the supreme body of FIFA, comprised of reps from member associations.

IN : In the years 1947 to 1949 the architect Alexey Shchusev developed a plan with the aid of a team of architects for the gradual reconstruction of the city.
OUT: The architect Alex Shchusev designed the city's reconstruction plan from 1947 to 1949 with a team.

IN : Local administration of the district today is overseen by a Stewartry Area Manager, based in the county town of Kirkcudbright.
OUT: A Stewartry Area Manager, based in Kirkcudbright, oversees the local district administration.

IN : McKillops Road is the northern park boundary, with the Alpine National Park to the north of the road.
OUT: McKillops Road forms the northern park boundary.

IN : This parameter setting is not needed for, which defaults to.
OUT: The parameter setting is not necessary for the default.

IN : In the sixteenth century the Italian philosopher Giordano Bruno, an early supporter of the Copernican theory that the Earth and other planets orbit the Sun, put forward the view that the fixed stars are similar to the Sun and are likewise accompanied by planets.
OUT: The sixteenth-century Italian philosopher Giordano Bruno proposed that stars, like the Sun, have planets orbiting them.

IN : The hydraulis was the world's first keyboard instrument and was, in fact, the predecessor of the modern church organ.
OUT: The hydraulis was the first keyboard instrument in the world and is the forerunner of the modern church organ.

IN : Hearst did not know of Bierce's column and claimed to have pulled Brisbane's after it ran in a first edition, but the incident would haunt him for the rest of his life and all but destroyed his presidential ambitions.
OUT: The incident haunted Hearst for the rest of his life, ending his presidential aspirations. He didn't know about Bierce's column and withdrew Brisbane's after its publication in the first edition.

IN : Anctoville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: Anctoville is a commune in northwestern France, located in the Calvados department and the Basse-Normandie region.

IN : From 1995 to 2001, during the filming of Xena, O'Connor lived in Auckland, New Zealand, where she still owns a home.
OUT: During Xena's filming from 1995 to 2001, O'Connor resided in Auckland, New Zealand, where she continues to own a house.

IN : A tropical cyclone moved through the Mona Passage on August 26 before moving just offshore the East Coast of the United States through September 3.
OUT: A tropical cyclone passed through the Mona Passage on August 26 and came close to the US East Coast from September 1 to 3.

IN : Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins is a platforming video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy.
OUT: Super Mario Land 2 is a Nintendo Game Boy game where the goal is to collect six golden coins.

IN : Teneur is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: Teneur is a French commune in the Pas-de-Calais department.

IN : Following months of negotiations, the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) and Bernie Ecclestone announced in June 2007 a provisional agreement for India to host its first Grand Prix in the 2009 F1 season.
OUT: The IOA and Bernie Ecclestone reached a provisional agreement in June 2007 for India to host its first Formula One Grand Prix in the 2009 season.

IN : The 2008 version was announced on August 28, 2007, adding support for Windows Vista 64-bit.
OUT: The 2008 version was announced in August 2007, supporting Windows Vista 64-bit.

IN : Even if only half of the gunpowder had gone off, everyone in the House of Lords and its environs would have been killed instantly.
OUT: A significant number of people in the vicinity of the House of Lords would have been instantly killed if only half of the gunpowder had exploded.

IN : Fortel-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: The commune of Fortel-en-Artois is in the Pas-de-Calais department, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.

IN : However, the table margins, border and font-size must be precisely set to match a typical image display.
OUT: The table formatting should be consistent with a typical image display.

IN : The Arabian developed in a desert climate and was prized by the nomadic Bedouin people, often being brought inside the family tent for shelter and protection from theft.
OUT: The Arabian horse thrived in the desert and was highly valued by the Bedouin, who would bring it into their tents for shelter and protection.

IN : In 1991, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada for "using music and song to entertain and educate his young audience" .
OUT: He was made a Member of the Order of Canada in 1991 for entertaining and educating young audiences through music and song.

IN : The beauty and climate of the valley attracted some of the Mogul emperors of Delhi, and the remains exist of a garden planted by Shah Jahan.
OUT: The valley attracted Mogul emperors of Delhi with its beauty and climate. Shah Jahan planted a garden there.

IN : By combining the GN Drives of Exia and 0 Gundam, Celestial Being's engineers manage to complete Aeolia's plans for an advanced mobile suit with twin GN drives - the 00 Gundam - which is entrusted to Setsuna.
OUT: The 00 Gundam is completed by Celestial Being's engineers using the combined GN Drives of Exia and 0 Gundam, according to Aeolia's plans. It is then given to Setsuna.

IN : Ocoee is located at.
OUT: The county seat of Putnam County, Florida, is located at 35.1811 N, 83.6722 W (Ocoee).

IN : The offices of First Deemster and Clerk of the Rolls were combined in 1918, and a new office of Deputy Deemster was created in 2002 but abolished in 2009.
OUT: First and Clerk of the Rolls' offices were merged in 1918. Deputy Deemster office was established in 2002 but terminated in 2009.

IN : During their marriage, Claudius and Paetina had a daughter, Claudia Antonia.
OUT: Claudius and Paetina had a daughter, Claudia Antonia, during their marriage.

IN : AS became a standard diagnosis in 1992, when it was included in the tenth edition of the World Health Organization's diagnostic manual, International Classification of Diseases (ICD-10) ; in 1994, it was added to the fourth edition of the American Psychiatric Association's diagnostic reference, Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV) .
OUT: AS, or Anorexia Nervosa, was included in the World Health Organization's ICD-10 in 1992 and in the American Psychiatric Association's DSM

IN : Solitary confinement is colloquially referred to in American English as the ` hotbox' , the ` hole' , ` lockdown' , the ` SHU' (pronounced ` shoe') - an acronym for security housing unit, or the ` pound' ; and in British English as the ` block' or the ` cooler' .
OUT: The terms 'solitary confinement', 'hotbox', 'hole', 'lockdown', 'SHU', and 'pound' refer to the same practice: the isolation of an individual in a cell for 22 to 24 hours a day. Therefore, the simplified

IN : Although Carter majored in English at Harvard College, he also studied music there and at the nearby Longy School of Music.
OUT: Carter studied English and music at Harvard and Longy Schools.

IN : Mab is heavily perturbed.
OUT: Mab is disturbed.

IN : The borough is in the deep south of London, with the M25 orbital motorway stretching to the south of it, between Croydon and Tandridge.
OUT: The borough is south of London, near the M25 motorway between Croydon and Tandridge.

IN : The British Rail Class 144 "Pacer" diesel multiple units (DMUs) were built by BREL Derby from 1986-1987.
OUT: British Rail Class 144 "Pacers" were built by BREL Derby from 1986 to 1987.

IN : Bran comes to Sevenwaters in secret to meet with Sean and meets Liadan, she tells him of his son.
OUT: Bran meets Liadan at Sevenwaters, who tells him about his son.

IN : Anna's Hummingbird is 3.9 to 4.3 inches (10 to 11 centimeters) long.
OUT: The Anna's Hummingbird is approximately 4 inches long.

IN : Jesse James Hollywood (born January 28, 1980) is a former drug dealer who kidnapped and ordered the murder of Nicholas Markowitz, the 15 year-old brother of a rival.
OUT: Jesse James Hollywood is a kidnapper and ordered a murder.

IN : However, some artist still use the chromolithography in order to create works of arts in the form of print.
OUT: Some artists still use chromolithography to create print art.

IN : In some cases, one type of character may look better in a certain font and therefore be preferred over another.
OUT: One character might suit a particular font better.

IN : He was one of the early volunteers for the SS (SS service number 101 983) and the NSDAP (party number 1591713) .
OUT: He was an early volunteer for the SS and the NSDAP.

IN : The town's historic Timeball Station was extensively damaged, adding to damage from the preceding earthquake in September 2010.
OUT: The historic Timeball Station in the town was damaged extensively, with additional damage from the September 2010 earthquake.

IN : In some cafes in Belgium and other areas in Europe, one who orders a "warme chocolade" or "chocolat chaud" would receive a cup of steamed white milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to dissolve in the milk.
OUT: A person ordering a "warme chocolade" or "chocolat chaud" in certain European cafes, including Belgium, would be given a cup of steamed milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to mix in.

IN : They were used on the Eastern and Scottish Regions of British Railways.
OUT: 2. They were used on the Scottish Region of British Railways.

IN : Takuya Mikami is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ehime F.C. .
OUT: Takuya Mikami plays for Ehime F.C. (in Japanese football).

IN : Brookings is the fourth largest city in South Dakota, with a population of 22,056 at the 2010 census.
OUT: Brookings is home to about 22,000 people, making it South Dakota's fourth largest city.

IN : Having "very limited access to truly caring adults" , Rowling said, Harry "is forced to make his own decisions from an early age on."
OUT: With little adult care, Harry makes decisions on his own from a young age, according to Rowling.

IN : The mouthpiece can be constructed of beeswax, hardwood or simply sanded and sized by the craftsman.
OUT: A mouthpiece can be made of beeswax, hardwood, or be sanded and sized by the craftsman.

IN : He (along with the adult Mario) is voiced by Charles Martinet.
OUT: Charles Martinet voices him.

IN : Helots also traveled with the Spartan army as non-combatant serfs.
OUT: Helots accompanied the Spartan army as serfs.

IN : But some Italian cruiser classes were rather deficient in armor and all Italian warships lacked radar, although the lack of radar was partly offset by the fact that Italian warships were equipped with good rangefinder and fire-control systems for daylight combat.
OUT: Italian cruisers had less armor and all Italian warships lacked radar, but they made up for it with effective daytime fire-control systems.

IN : That October, Raw held a three-hour season premiere called the "Raw Family Reunion" , where the Raw brand debuted a new logo and theme song, Papa Roach's'' ... To Be Loved'' .
OUT: The new Raw logo and theme song, debuted during a three-hour season premiere called "Raw Family Reunion" in October, were "To Be Loved" by Papa Roach.

IN : There are governmental museums, non-governmental or non-profit museums, and privately owned or family museums.
OUT: The three types of museums are: governmental, non-profit or non-governmental, and privately owned or family-owned.

IN : This does not preclude the possibility of the text being based on a prior Hebrew or Aramaic text.
OUT: The possibility of the text being based on a prior Hebrew or Aramaic text is not excluded.

IN : He argued that when eating, one should not eat too richly, for it could lead to dissatisfaction later, such as the grim realization that one could not afford such delicacies in the future.
OUT: One should not overindulge while eating to avoid later dissatisfaction, like recognizing the inability to afford such luxuries in the future.

IN : Elements are listed in order of increasing atomic number (i.e. , the number of protons in the atomic nucleus) .
OUT: Elements are listed in order of increasing atomic numbers.

IN : The 2011 Australian Open offered record prize money to both men and women of a total of A$ 25 million (US$ 24 million) , up 3.8 % on the total prize money from 2010.
OUT: The 2011 Australian Open provided a record prize fund of A$ 25 million (US$ 24 million) for both men and women, an increase of 3.8% from the previous year.

IN : Hardee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida.
OUT: Hardee County is in Florida, USA.

IN : It's On (Dr. Dre) 187um Killa is an EP by rapper Eazy-E released in 1993.
OUT: Eazy-E released an EP, "It's On (Dr. Dre) 187um Killa," in 1993.

IN : This article is a general one on trams in London.
OUT: The article is about trams in London.

IN : The City of Lancaster, is a local government district of Lancashire, England, with the status of a city and non-metropolitan district.
OUT: Lancaster, a city and non-metropolitan district in Lancashire, England, is its local government.

IN : He gained the support of the governor of Syria, Gaius Licinius Mucianus.
OUT: The governor of Syria, Gaius Licinius Mucianus, supported him.

IN : It is among the largest estuaries in the United Kingdom.
OUT: The largest estuaries in theUKinclude it.

IN : The meat of the chicken, also called "chicken" , is a type of poultry meat. Because of its relatively low cost, chicken is one of the most used meats in the world.
OUT: Chicken, a type of poultry meat, is widely used due to its low cost.

IN : A hydrostatic balance is a particular balance for weighing substances in water. Hydrostatic balance allows the discovery of their specific gravities.
OUT: A hydrostatic balance determines specific gravities of substances in water.

IN : The National Rugby League (NRL) is the top competition of professional Rugby league clubs in Australasia.
OUT: The NRL is the premier professional rugby league competition in Australasia.

IN : As World War I began, Frost returned to America in 1915 and bought a farm in Franconia, New Hampshire, where he launched a career of writing, teaching, and lecturing.
OUT: During World War I, Frost bought a farm in New Hampshire and started his writing, teaching, and lecturing career.

IN : Their father was a Spanish-American War veteran who was later killed in the line of duty while working for the Chicago Police Department.
OUT: Their father was a Spanish-American War veteran killed in the line of duty by the Chicago Police Department.

IN : The last close approach was in 1996, at 15.1 Gm, almost 40 times as far as the Moon.
OUT: The last approach was in 1996, 15.1 Gm away.

IN : This led to a new incarnation of the series for television syndication by Lorimar-Telepictures in 1988 that included new characters, like Gumby's little sister Minga and a mastodon named Denali. Dallas McKennon returned as the voice of Gumby in new adventures that would take Gumby and his pals beyond their toyland-type setting and establish themselves as a rock band.
OUT: The new version of the series for television syndication by Lorimar-Telepictures in 1988 introduced new characters, such as Gumby's little sister M

IN : The Jewish Virtual Library also contains the Israel advocacy text "Myths and Facts" , edited by Mitchell Bard, in several languages.
OUT: The Jewish Virtual Library includes "Myths and Facts," a text for Israel advocacy, edited by Mitchell Bard, in multiple languages.

IN : Examples of weak acids include acetic acid (CH3COOH) and oxalic acid (H2C2O4) .
OUT: Acetic acid (CH3COOH) and oxalic acid (H2C2O4) are examples of weak acids.

IN : Authors may specify place names (see list) or time zones such as EDT, PST, HST and so on and these will be properly adjusted to UTC (Coordinated Universal Time) for transfer to other applications via microformat encoding.
OUT: Authors can specify place names or time zones (such as EDT, PST, HST) for proper adjustment to UTC during transfer to other applications using microformat encoding.

IN : Lakeview is a city in Baxter County, Arkansas, United States.
OUT: City in Arkansas, United States: Lakeview (Baxter County)

IN : This template is normally only used by the system, it is the editnotice loader used in MediaWiki.
OUT: The template is typically used by the system; it's the editnotice loader in MediaWiki.

IN : Started in 1980 by the Blues Foundation, it honors those who have performed, recorded, or documented blues.
OUT: The Blues Foundation started honoring blues performers, recorders, and documenters in 1980.

IN : The 43rd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics, the film is a science fiction adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's adventure novel Treasure Island and was the first film to be released simultaneously in regular and IMAX theaters.
OUT: The 43rd Disney animation, a science fiction Treasure Island adaptation, was the first to open in regular and IMAX theaters.

IN : Haiti's capital city, Port-au-Prince, is located on the coast of the gulf.
OUT: Port-au-Prince, Haiti's capital city, is on the coast.

IN : Kashmiri is "a Northwestern Dardic language of the Indo-Aryan branch of the Indo-Iranian subfamily of the Indo-European language family."
OUT: Kashmiri is an Indo-European language, specifically a Northwestern Dardic language of the Indo-Aryan branch.

IN : Grace is a 1918 photograph by Eric Enstrom.
OUT: Grace is a 1918 photograph.

IN : Of the four novels, Hyperion received the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1990; The Fall of Hyperion won the Locus and British Science Fiction Association Awards in 1991; and The Rise of Endymion received the Locus Award in 1998.
OUT: In 1990, Hyperion won the Hugo and Locus Awards. In 1991, The Fall of Hyperion won the Locus and British Science Fiction Association Awards. The Rise of Endymion received the Locus Award in 1998.

IN : Houchin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: The commune of Houchin is in the Pas-de-Calais department, which is part of the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France.

IN : The lake lies in portions of five counties: Box Elder, Davis, Tooele, Weber, and Salt Lake.
OUT: The lake is located in Box Elder, Davis, Tooele, Weber, and Salt Lake counties.

IN : The archetypal pencil may have been the stylus, which was a thin metal stick, often made from lead and used for scratching in papyrus, a form of early paper.
OUT: A common belief is that the earliest writing tool was the stylus, a thin metal stick used for scratching on papyrus, an early form of paper.

IN : The final corner of the Dunsfold Park track has been named "Gambon" in his honor.
OUT: The last corner of Dunsfold Park track is named Gambon.

IN : Merseyside contains the metropolitan boroughs of Liverpool, Knowsley, Sefton, St Helens and the Wirral.
OUT: The metropolitan boroughs of Liverpool, Knowsley, Sefton, St Helens, and Wirral are located in Merseyside.

IN : Quotes are sometimes used for emphasis in lieu of underlining or italics, most commonly on signs or placards.
OUT: Quotes can emphasize words instead of underlining or italics, often used on signs.

IN : Finntroll's lyrics are mostly in Swedish, the only exception being the song "Madon Laulu" on Visor Om Slutet. Finntroll's first singer Katla decided to use Swedish over Finnish since he was part of a Swedish-speaking minority in Finland and the sound of the language seemed to better suit the band's "trollish" outfit.
OUT: Finntroll's lyrics are mostly in Swedish, except for the song "Madon Laulu," which is sung in Finnish. The band's first singer, Katla, chose Swedish due to being part of a Swedish-

IN : For details of former players, see List of Parma F.C. players and: Category: Parma F.C. players.
OUT: The details of former Parma F.C. players can be found in the List of Parma F.C. players and the Category: Parma F.C. players.

IN : Bobby created some friction with his teammates by disagreeing with how the reward should be used.
OUT: Bobby disagreed with his teammates over the reward usage.

IN : The band plays all the time uncompromising old school hardcore like Slapshot or 7seconds.
OUT: The band plays old-school hardcore like Slapshot or 7seconds.

IN : The show was hosted by UFC commentator and comedian Joe Rogan, executive produced by Matt Kunitz and directed by J. Rupert Thompson.
OUT: Joe Rogan hosted the show, produced by Matt Kunitz, directed by J. Rupert Thompson.

IN : It comprises a liberal arts college, Dartmouth Medical School, Thayer School of Engineering, and Tuck School of Business, as well as 19 graduate programs in the arts and sciences.
OUT: The university includes a liberal arts college, medical school, engineering school, business school, and 19 graduate programs in the arts and sciences.

IN : It took two years before the Soviet troops finally fully withdrew from Czechoslovakia.
OUT: The Soviet troops fully withdrew from Czechoslovakia after two years.

IN : North London is the northern part of London, England.
OUT: North London is the northern part of London.

IN : They were fixed at higher levels by James I but reduced by William IV in the 1830s.
OUT: James I raised them to higher levels in the early 17th century, while William IV lowered them in the 1830s.

IN : Areas between each polar circle and its associated pole (North Pole or South Pole) , known geographically as the frigid zones, would theoretically experience at least one 24 hour period when the sun is continuously above the horizon and at least one 24 hour period when the sun is continuously below the horizon annually.
OUT: The frigid zones, or regions around the North and South

IN : Professional life coach Laura Baron, will be helping to guide them, and evaluate their progress, informing the women which of them have passed or failed each lesson.
OUT: Laura Baron, a life coach, will guide and evaluate women's progress, informing them of their lesson results.

IN : The first of its two dry docks was built by convicts and was completed in 1857.
OUT: One dry dock was built by convicts and completed in 1857.

IN : Edmondo Fabbri (16 November 1921 - 8 July 1995) was an Italian football (soccer) player and coach.
OUT: Edith: He was an Italian football player and coach, born on November 16, 1921, and passed away on July 8, 1995.

IN : Her husband had two further children with Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes, his mistress from 1689 till 1700.
OUT: Her husband had children with Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes between 1689 and 1700.

IN : Autingues is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
OUT: Autingues is a commune in northern France (Pas-de-Calais department).

IN : 3 No. 1 is in E-flat minor, as is his Etudes-Tableaux Op.
OUT: No. 1, Etudes-Tableaux Op. 33 Nos. 2 and 3, are all in E-flat minor.

IN : Note: Please order correspondents alphabetically by last name within each group.
OUT: Order correspondents alphabetically by last name within each group.

IN : "What Time Is It?"
OUT: "What's the current time?"

IN : By 1914 the area and populations of the two duchies were:
OUT: The two duchies, Danzig and Prussia, had the following areas and populations by 1914: Danzig, 118 square miles, 110,000 inhabitants; Prussia, 13,500 square miles, 12 million inhabitants.

IN : The recipient may remove this template from his\/her talk page at any time.
OUT: The recipient can delete this template from their talk page whenever they want.

IN : It joins the Ohio at Carrollton.
OUT: The Ohio is joined at Carrollton.

IN : All text that you did not write yourself, except brief excerpts, must be available under terms consistent with Wikipedia's Terms of Use before you submit it.
OUT: You must provide the source for all text not originally written by you, except for brief quotations, when submitting content to Wikipedia.

IN : With Council seats allocated to parties by unwritten agreement (see above) , Federal Council elections generally are unexciting, pleasant affairs.
OUT: Explanation: The original sentence "With Council seats allocated to parties by unwritten agreement (see above) , Federal Council elections generally are unexciting, pleasant affairs" can be simplified to "F

IN : They have been described as multum in parvo ("much in little") , referring to the pug's personality and small size.
OUT: The pugs are described as "much in little."

IN : In contrast, autoimmune diseases result from a hyperactive immune system attacking normal tissues as if they were foreign organisms.
OUT: Autoimmune diseases involve an overactive immune system attacking normal tissues.

IN : Many people associate it with young drivers, but adults are also very active in karting.
OUT: Adults also participate in karting.

IN : Heavy producers of nectar, banksias form a vital part of the food chain in the Australian bush.
OUT: Banksias, rich in nectar, are essential to the Australian bush food chain.

IN : Beuvrequen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: The commune of Beuvrequen is in the Pas-de-Calais department, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.

IN : The strings is taken out and left to dry, before being cut into the appropriate length.
OUT: The strings are taken out and left to dry before being cut to the appropriate length.

IN : The channel was launched by Stuart Murphy, who previously ran BBC Choice, and before that UK Play, the now-discontinued UKTV music and comedy channel on which ran Rock Profile, by Matt Lucas and David Walliams (who went on to star in Little Britain) .
OUT: Stuart Murphy launched Channel, previously ran BBC Choice and UK Play, featured Rock Profile by Lucas and Walliams.

IN : It comes, along with the name of the River Aar (which was called Arula, Arola, and Araris in early times) , from the German Au, meaning floodplain.
OUT: The River Aar is derived from the German word 'Au,' meaning floodplain.

IN : Lee was only briefly a tropical storm before it weakened back to a tropical depression.
OUT: Lee was briefly a tropical storm before weakening to a depression.

IN : The drug also extends the time before a patient needs ventilation support.
OUT: The drug delays the need for ventilation support.

IN : Ibach Sohn'' has been building pianos and, until 1904, organs in Schwelm.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Ibach Sohn'' has been building pianos and, until 1904, organs in Schwelm. Ibach Sohn was a piano and organ manufacturer in Schwelm until 1904.

IN : Brown has a PhD in History from the University of Edinburgh and spent his early career working as a lecturer at a further education college and a television journalist.
OUT: Brown holds a PhD in History from the University of Edinburgh and began his career as a lecturer and television journalist.

IN : The term contemporary architecture is also applied to a range of styles of recently built structures and space which are optimized for current use.
OUT: Contemporary architecture refers to recently built structures and optimized spaces.

IN : They had three children, Blanca (who died in 1886) , Laura (a painter) , and Alfonso (who played for Real Madrid in the early 1900s before embarking on a career as a diplomat) .
OUT: Three children were named Blanca (deceased in 1886), Laura (a painter), and Alfonso (formerly played for Real Madrid and later became a diplomat).

IN : The age adjusted odds ratio for an increase of 100 orgasms per year was 0.64 (0.44 to 0.95) .
OUT: The odds ratio for an increase of 100 orgasms per year, after adjusting for age, was 0.64 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.44 to 0.95.

IN : On September 8, it became an extratropical cyclone after causing four deaths and $ 300 million (2003 USD, $ USD) in damage on Bermuda; there, it was considered the worst hurricane in nearly 80 years.
OUT: On September 8, the cyclone caused four deaths and $300 million in damage in Bermuda, making it the worst there in nearly 80 years.

IN : Consequently Euphrosyne is never visible with binoculars, having a maximum magnitude at the best possible opposition of around +10.2, which is actually fainter than any of the thirty asteroids previously discovered.
OUT: Euphrosyne is too faint to be seen with binoculars, with a maximum magnitude of around +10.2 at best opposition. This is fainter than any of the thirty previously discovered asteroids.

IN : The Tsunami imprint turned out to be unsuccessful, and the series ended at issue # 18.
OUT: The Tsunami series ended at issue #18.

IN : George Averoff contributed generously for the refurbishment of the stadium in preparation for the Games.
OUT: George Averoff donated significantly for the stadium's renovation before the Games.

IN : Sykes' Doberman dogs Roscoe and DeSoto attack Oliver but the cat is defended by Fagin's dogs.
OUT: The Dobermans, Roscoe and DeSoto, attack Oliver, but Fagin's dogs protect the cat.

IN : This template creates a very concise reference citation to a specific numbered page at the Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man database.
OUT: A template generates a succinct citation to a specific page in the Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man database.

IN : South Ossetians declared independence from Georgia in 1990, calling themselves the "Republic of South Ossetia" .
OUT: South Ossetians declared independence from Georgia in 1990 as the "Republic of South Ossetia".

IN : Usually, the shoulder rest attaches to the edge of the back of the violin with "feet" padded with rubber tubing or made of soft plastic.
OUT: The shoulder rest attaches to the violin's back edge with rubber-padded or soft plastic feet.

IN : However, the logical preference seems to be abbr = in, because for most articles where the culture is metric, then "km" would be obvious, but other readers might wonder about "mi" .
OUT: It seems logical that abbr equals "in" for most metric articles, as "km" is usually clear for such texts, but "mi" might confuse other readers.

IN : Both were produced by John Gilliland.
OUT: John Gilliland produced both.

IN : Her brother, Peter Fonda (born 1940) , and his daughter Bridget Fonda, also are actors.
OUT: Peter Fonda and his daughter, Bridget Fonda, are actors.

IN : Benoit used repeated headbutts to knock Kane to the floor and attempted to retrieve the briefcase once more but was knocked down by Edge who hit him with a steel chair.
OUT: Benoit headbutted Kane to the floor and tried to get the briefcase again, but Edge knocked him down with a steel chair.

IN : The Kamakura period is a period of Japanese history that marks the governance by the Kamakura Shogunate, officially established in 1192 in Kamakura by the first shogun Minamoto no Yoritomo.
OUT: The Kamakura period was ruled by the Kamakura Shogunate, established in 1192 in Kamakura by Minamoto no Yoritomo.

IN : For a time he lived and worked throughout the South and Midwest as a migrant worker. He and his family returned to Mississippi in 1926.
OUT: In the 1920s, he and his family lived and worked as migrant workers in the South and Midwest before returning to Mississippi.

IN : In 2009, the European Commission filed formal antitrust charges against Eni.
OUT: The European Commission charged Eni with antitrust violations in 2009.

IN : These are the top ten nations that won medals at the 1920 Games.
OUT: The top ten nations won medals at the 1920 Games.

IN : Indian English or South-Asian English comprises several dialects or varieties of English spoken primarily in the Indian subcontinent.
OUT: English dialects known as Indian English or South-Asian English are spoken in the Indian subcontinent.

IN : It has a population of 22,000, which includes villages south of the A38.
OUT: The population is 22,000, with villages located south of the A38.

IN : The Three Caballeros is a 1944 Disney animated feature film, produced by Walt Disney and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.
OUT: The Three Caballeros is a 1944 Disney film.

IN : In food, sugar almost exclusively refers to sucrose, which primarily comes from sugar cane and sugar beet.
OUT: Sugar in food mainly refers to sucrose, sourced from sugar cane and sugar beet.

IN : Typical magnitude eV.
OUT: Typical magnitude: eV.

IN : A Story of a Song'' , in which she explained to American children the origin of the song.
OUT: She explained the origin of the song to American children in a story.

IN : The incubation period is nine to ten days.
OUT: The incubation period is between nine and ten days.

IN : Minerals range in composition from pure elements and simple salts to very complex silicates with thousands of known forms.
OUT: Minerals can be simple or complex in composition, including elements, salts, and silicates.

IN : However, when Duke Wilhelm of Saxe-Weimar died in 1662, he left four children: John Ernest, Adolf William, John George and Bernard.
OUT: Duke Wilhelm of Saxe-Weimar had four children - John Ernest, Adolf William, John George and Bernard - when he died in 1662.

IN : Counting the cost is a name often given to a pair of parables told by Jesus in the New Testament, and found in Luke.
OUT: The parables of the lost sheep and the lost coin, told by Jesus in the New Testament and recorded in Luke, are also known as the cost-counting parables.

IN : In 1866 Lord Robert, now Viscount Cranborne after the death of his older brother, Cranborne entered the third government of Lord Derby as Secretary of State for India.
OUT: In 1866, after his older brother's death, Viscount Cranborne became Secretary of State for India in Lord Derby's third government.

IN : In 2003, Ballmer sold 8.3 % of his shareholdings, leaving him with a 4 % stake in the company.
OUT: Ballmer sold 8.3% of his shares in 2003, leaving him with a 4% stake.

IN : The clade is not defined in the standard taxonomic hierarchy, but it is between superfamily and family.
OUT: A clade that falls between superfamily and family in the taxonomic hierarchy is not defined at that level in the standard taxonomic hierarchy.

IN : Two species are described in the literature: A. ramidus, which lived about 4.4 million years ago during the early Pliocene, and A. kadabba, dated to approximately 5.6 million years ago (late Miocene) .
OUT: Two species, A. ramidus (lived around 4.4 million years ago during early Pliocene) and A. kadabba (dated to around 5.6 million years ago, during late Miocene), are described in the literature.

IN : Arteries are blood vessels that carry blood away from the heart.
OUT: Arteries carry blood away from the heart.

IN : Guivry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: The commune of Guivry is in the Aisne department, which is in Picardy, a region in northern France.

IN : They have two children: Jayden Will, born in 2004 in Hammersmith and Fulham, London; and Renee, born in June 2008.
OUT: Two children: Jayden (born in 2004 in Hammersmith and Fulham, London) and Renee (born in June 2008).

IN : Ittifaq was the first non-communist party in Tatarstan.
OUT: Ittifaq was the first non-communist party in Tatarstan.

IN : Cena then immediately pinned The Big Show to win the match and the United States Championship.
OUT: Cena pinned The Big Show to win the US Championship.

IN : He was released by the Canucks in 1992 and signed as a free agent with the Hartford Whalers.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: He was released by the Canucks in 1992 and signed as a free agent with the Hartford Whalers. The simplified sentence is: In 1992, the Canucks let him go and he joined the Hartford Whalers as a free agent.

IN : The full coding of the 3 superscripts could be as: (a) (b) (example) Perhaps 20 remote footnotes could be coded in a similar manner, all linked to the section title named "Notes" .
OUT: The 3 superscripts could be coded as: (a) (b) (example). Similarly, about 20 remote footnotes could be linked to the "Notes" section title.

IN : "Headline News" is a parody song by "Weird Al" Yankovic.
OUT: "Weird Al" Yankovic made a parody song called "Headline News."

IN : After being assisted by a doctor and by police he was transferred to a lunatic asylum in Florence.
OUT: A doctor and the police helped him; he was taken to a lunatic asylum in Florence.

IN : Transposons may have been co-opted by the vertebrate immune system as a means of producing antibody diversity: The V (D) J recombination system operates by a mechanism similar to that of transposons.
OUT: Transposons may contribute to antibody diversity in the vertebrate immune system through a mechanism similar to V(D)J recombination.

IN : Filarski was the only one to turn the opportunity down in order to focus on The View, while Wesson, Donaldson, Manthey, Calaway, and Brkich placed 18th, 12th, 10th, 7th, and 1st respectively.
OUT: Filarski was the only one to decline the opportunity, while Wesson, Donaldson, Manthey, Calaway, and Brkich finished 18th, 12

IN : It is estimated that at least 100 people lost their lives, mostly due to mudslides, including five persons in Havana.
OUT: At least 100 people, mainly in mudslides, died, among them were 5 in Havana.

IN : During those three games, he did not score any points nor did he earn any penalty minutes.
OUT: He didn't score or get penalty minutes in the three games.

IN : In 2009, she appeared in The Invention of Lying, alongside Ricky Gervais, Jennifer Garner, Rob Lowe, and Christopher Guest.
OUT: In 2009, she acted in The Invention of Lying with Ricky Gervais, Jennifer Garner, Rob Lowe, and Christopher Guest.

IN : These include encouraging editors to cite reliable sources, as well as recent changes patrolling for vandalism.
OUT: Editors are encouraged to cite reliable sources, and recent changes are monitored for vandalism.

IN : "People have gone through his edits and found places where he was basically cashing in on his fake credentials to bolster his arguments," said Michael Snow, a Wikipedia administrator and founder of the Wikipedia community newspaper, The Wikipedia Signpost.
OUT: People found he used fake credentials to strengthen his arguments. (Michael Snow is a Wikipedia administrator and The Wikipedia Signpost founder.)

IN : The bridge spans 549 f long across the creek.
OUT: The bridge spans 549 feet across the creek.

IN : In the Vulgate, the King James Bible, and many other versions, the Letter of Jeremiah is appended to the end of the Book of Baruch as a sixth chapter.
OUT: The Letter of Jeremiah is included as the sixth chapter in the Book of Baruch in the Vulgate and the King James Bible, among other versions.

IN : If a storm ever reached the magnitude that might otherwise have led to retirement, the storm would be listed with the retired names with a footnote indicating the Greek letter would still be available for future storms.
OUT: A storm reaching such magnitude would be retired and listed with a footnote indicating the Greek letter could still be used for future storms.

IN : He made his conducting debut at La Scala, Milan in 1970, in a production of Monteverdi's Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria.
OUT: He first conducted Monteverdi's Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria at La Scala, Milan in 1970.

IN : A very versatile writer, he also wrote comedies, farces, and pasos.
OUT: A versatile writer, he penned comedies, farces, and pasos.

IN : Millard said that he expected the new album to be punkier than the last album.
OUT: Millard expected the new album to be punkier than the last one.

IN : This maximizes parallelism, but also allows use of the extensive cryptanalysis work performed on DES.
OUT: The use of DES cryptanalysis work maximizes parallelism.

IN : In the final informal poll on 2 October, Ban received fourteen favorable votes and one abstention ("no opinion") from the fifteen members of the Security Council.
OUT: The Security Council members informally polled Ban on 2 October, and he received fourteen favorable votes and one abstention.

IN : Kazuya Kawabata is a Japanese football player who plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu.
OUT: Kazuya Kawabata is a Japanese football player for Giravanz Kitakyushu.

IN : However, Gallaudet's wish to become a professional minister was put aside when he met Alice Cogswell, the nine-year-old deaf daughter of a neighbor, Dr. Mason Cogswell.
OUT: Gallaudet met Alice Cogswell, a deaf girl, and put aside his dream of becoming a minister.

IN : Many fish (including pike and carp of considerable weights) are taken in the lake, which is especially famous for an endemic kind of trout (Salmo salvelinus, locally called Rolheli) .
OUT: A large number of fish, including pike and carp, are caught in the renowned lake, home to an indigenous trout species (Rolheli or Salmo salvelinus).

IN : Encouraged by Cicero, the Senate denounced Antony and in January 43 they granted Octavian imperium (commanding power) , which made his command of troops legal and sent him to relieve the siege, along with Aulus Hirtius and Gaius Vibius Pansa Caetronianus, the consuls for 43 BC.
OUT: With Cicero's encouragement, the Senate denounced Antony in January 43 BC. They granted Octavian commanding power, allowing him to lead troops legally and relieve the siege, along with cons

IN : Keisuke Shimizu is a Japanese football player, currently playing for Oita Trinita.
OUT: Keisuke Shimizu is a Japanese football player for Oita Trinita.

IN : In spite of the film's limited release outside of Australia, Bana's performance received positive reviews. American film critic Roger Ebert complimented Bana, stating that `` in a comedian named Eric Bana the filmmakers have found, I think, a future star... He has a quality no acting school can teach you and few actors can match.
OUT: Despite the film's limited release outside of Australia, Eric Bana received positive reviews from critics, including Roger Ebert, who called him a future star.

IN : Since 1991 Ternopil has been a part of independent Ukraine, along with other cities of western Ukraine.
OUT: Ternopil has been part of independent Ukraine since 1991, along with other western Ukrainian cities.

IN : To prevent Wallachia from falling into the Hungarian fold, the Ottomans invaded Wallachia and put young Vlad III on the throne.
OUT: The Ottomans installed Vlad III as ruler of Wallachia to keep it from being absorbed by Hungary.

IN : The mountains reach a height of 1547 m. The northern island contains many glaciers, while the southern one has a tundra landscape.
OUT: "The mountains are 1547

IN : These persistent viruses evade immune control by sequestration, blockade of antigen presentation, cytokine resistance, evasion of natural killer cell activities, escape from apoptosis, and antigenic shift.
OUT: One way these viruses evade immune control is through mechanisms such as sequestration, blockade of antigen presentation, cytokine resistance, evasion of natural killer cells, escape from apoptosis, and antigenic shift.

IN : One of the best known species is the Agama agama) , widespread in sub-Saharan Africa.
OUT: The Agama agama is a widely known species in sub-Saharan Africa.

IN : Though a WAV file can hold compressed audio, the most common WAV format contains uncompressed audio in the linear pulse code modulation (LPCM) format.
OUT: The common WAV format holds uncompressed audio in the LPCM format.

IN : Some examples include Franklin from Canada and Tweenies, Connie the Cow, Tiny Planets, and 64 Zoo Lane from the UK.
OUT: Examples are Franklin from Canada and TV shows Tweenies, Connie the Cow, Tiny Planets, and 64 Zoo Lane from the UK.

IN : Ron McGovney (born November 2, 1963 in Los Angeles, California) is a former American musician, best known as the original bassist in the heavy metal band Metallica.
OUT: Ron McGovney is Metallica's original bassist.

IN : The pimp may have a bottom girl who serves as office manager, keeping the pimp apprised of law-enforcement activity and collecting money from the prostitutes.
OUT: A prostitute might manage the pimp's office, providing information on law enforcement and collecting money from other prostitutes.

IN : On June 17, 1977, Biden and Jacobs married.
OUT: Biden and Jacobs got married on June 17, 1977.

IN : Tales of Symphonia is a video game first released for the Nintendo GameCube and later for the PlayStation 2 in Japan.
OUT: The video game Tales of Symphonia was initially released for the Nintendo GameCube, and later came out for the PlayStation 2 in Japan.

IN : Finger food is food eaten directly using the hands, in contrast to food eaten with a knife and fork, chopsticks, or other utensils.
OUT: Finger food is eaten with hands, unlike food requiring utensils.

IN : He was not dissuaded, however, from addressing racial issues publicly.
OUT: He didn't back down from speaking publicly about racial issues.

IN : I majored in philosophy.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: I majored in philosophy. I studied philosophy.

IN : Angelroda is a municipality in the district Ilm-Kreis, in Thuringia, Germany founded in the year 958.
OUT: Angelroda is a German municipality founded in 958.

IN : The Reverend Sir Robert Peat, the absentee Perpetual Curate of St. Lawrence in Brentford, Middlesex, and one of the many former chaplains to Prince George, Prince Regent (the future King George IV) , was recruited by the council as a member of the society.
OUT: The Reverend Robert Peat, a former chaplain to Prince George and the Perpetual Curate of St. Lawrence in Brentford, was recruited by the council as a member of the society.

IN : As time passed, Anning's confidence in her knowledge grew, and in 1839 she wrote to the Magazine of Natural History to question the claim made by an article that a recently discovered fossil of the prehistoric shark Hybodus represented a new genus, as she had discovered many years ago the existence of fossil sharks with both straight and hooked teeth.
OUT: Anning challenged the claim that a newly discovered fossil shark represented a new genus in a 1839 letter to the Magazine of Natural History, as she had discovered fossil sharks with both straight and hooked teeth many years prior.

IN : This is a set of lists of books by the first year of publication.
OUT: A set of lists containing books published in the first year.

IN : Hesperocallis, sometimes placed in its own family, Hesperocallideaceae, has recently been shown to be closely related and its inclusion in Agavaceae has been recommended.
OUT: Hesperocallis, which was once considered a separate family, is now suggested to be part of Agavaceae.

IN : This one-minute preview is a viral video that became a well-known Internet meme among bloggers and message boards for the reactions its graphic content elicited from viewers who have not seen such films before.
OUT: A one-minute viral video sparked reactions among bloggers and message boards due to its graphic content, making it an Internet meme.

IN : A heritage railway (United Kingdom, Australia and Canada) , preserved railway (United Kingdom and Australia) , tourist railway (Australia) , or tourist railroad (United States) is a railway that is run as a tourist attraction, in some cases by volunteers, and which typically seeks to re-create or preserve railway scenes of the past (though not all tourist railways are heritage railways) .
OUT: A railway operated as a tourist attraction in the UK, Australia, Canada, or the US, often run by volunteers, and typically preserving past railway scenes.

IN : This color is usually called simply lime (since this was the color normally regarded as lime long before web colors were invented) in order to distinguish it from the web color lime (X11 Green) and web color lime green, shown below.
OUT: The common name for this color is lime.

IN : Although the play by Beaumarchais was at first banned in Vienna because of its satire of the aristocracy, considered dangerous in the decade before the French Revolution, the opera became one of Mozart's most successful works.
OUT: The opera, composed by Mozart, was a success despite initially being banned in Vienna due to its satire of the aristocracy, a sensitive topic before the French Revolution.

IN : For all these classics he wrote extensive commentaries that were not widely recognized in his time; however, they later became accepted as their standard commentaries.
OUT: The commentaries he wrote for various classics were not widely recognized during his time but are now considered standard.

IN : The Lakers play their home games at Staples Center, which they share with their local NBA rival, the Los Angeles Clippers, the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL, and the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA.
OUT: The Lakers play home games at Staples Center, shared with other teams.

IN : In 1968, McDiarmid received a gold medal for his work.
OUT: McDiarmid received a gold medal in 1968.

IN : The game's protagonist is Ashley Mizuki Robbins, a 13 year old girl who has been raised by her aunt, Jessica, because her parents vanished when she was three years old.
OUT: Ashley Mizuki Robbins, a 13-year-old girl raised by her aunt Jessica, is the game's protagonist. Her parents disappeared when she was three.

IN : Benjamin Harrison V (April 5, 1726 - April 24, 1791) was an American planter and revolutionary leader from Charles City County, Virginia.
OUT: Benjamin Harrison, a Virginia planter and revolutionary leader (born April 5, 1726; died April 24, 1791)

IN : Because of a Wikipedia formatting quirk, the first footnote on a page might be treated as a quotebox when indented (as during May 2009) .
OUT: During May 2009, the first footnote on a Wikipedia page might be treated as a quotebox due to a formatting quirk.

IN : Another approach uses several of the previous N ciphertext digits to compute the keystream.
OUT: A common method computes the keystream using previous ciphertext digits.

IN : Trail is a city in the West Kootenay region of the Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
OUT: => Trail is a city in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia, Canada. (No simplification possible)

IN : As noted by the Nobel Prize committee, `` the great complexity of eukaryotic organisms is actually enabled by the fine interplay between tissue-specific substances, enhancers in the DNA and Mediator.
OUT: The Nobel Prize committee notes the complexity of eukaryotic organisms results from the intricate interaction between tissue-specific substances, enhancers in DNA, and Mediator.

IN : Despite the introduction of more modern types of traction, as of 2008 a significant number are still in use, both on the mainline and on heritage railways.
OUT: A substantial number of older traction types are still in operation, on mainline and heritage railways, as of 2008.

IN : Human readable encoding of dates will make such data ubiquitous in Wikipedia, establishing it the central repository and preeminent source of semantic information on the web.
OUT: Human-readable date encoding makes Wikipedia the central and leading source of semantic information on the web for date data.

IN : The game features a modified alert scheme with police, SWAT, military awareness, and nexo alert.
OUT: The game includes various alert systems for police, SWAT, military, and Nexo.

IN : Always, the next ionization energy involves removing an electron from an orbital closer to the nucleus.
OUT: The next ionization energy is always associated with removing an electron from a closer-to-nucleus orbital.

IN : Columbia Pictures now forms part of the Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group, owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment, a subsidiary of the Japanese conglomerate Sony.
OUT: Columbia Pictures is now a part of Sony's Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group.

IN : During the ten days of competition, the stadium hosted all athletics events and the rugby sevens.
OUT: The stadium hosted athletics events and rugby sevens for ten days.

IN : In 1998, the theme park was re-branded "Disneyland Park" to distinguish it from the larger Disneyland Resort complex.
OUT: Disneyland Park was renamed in 1998.

IN : Seven units, numbered 1031-1037, were constructed in 1958 for use on the Southern Region.
OUT: Seven units, numbered 1031-1037, were built in 1958 for the Southern Region.

IN : Alexander Urbom (born December 20, 1990) is a professional Swedish ice hockey defenseman who's currently playing for the Albany Devils.
OUT: Alexander Urbom is a Swedish ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Albany Devils.

IN : The first elections to the Scottish Parliament were held on 6 May 1999, with Dewar leading the Scottish Labor Party against their main opponents, the SNP under Alex Salmond.
OUT: The Scottish Parliament held its first elections on May 6, 1999, with Dewar leading the Scottish Labor Party against the SNP and its leader, Alex Salmond.

IN : These figures support the general assumption that median household income as well as the median income per member of household peaked among those households headed by middle aged persons, increasing with the age of the householder and the size of the household until the householder reaches the age of 64.
OUT: The assumption is that median household income and median income per household member peak among households headed by middle-aged persons, and both increase with the age of the householder and the size of the household until the householder is 64.

IN : A subsidiary of Yum!
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: A subsidiary of Yum! Brands, Inc., Taco Bell, has announced that it will begin selling a new product called the Naked Chicken Chalupa in its restaurants across the United States starting on March 27, 2Starting on March 27, Taco Bell will sell a new product called the Naked Chicken Chalupa.

IN : Elpis takes the more common meaning of expectant hope.
OUT: Elis expects.

IN : In practice then, the chances of a second failure before the first has been recovered is not nearly as unlikely as might be supposed, and data loss can, in practice, occur at significant rates.
OUT: The chances of a second failure before the first is recovered are not as unlikely as assumed, and data loss can occur frequently in practice.

IN : Many diesel locomotives have V12 engines.
OUT: Most diesel locomotives have V12 engines.

IN : The team continued thanks to funding solely from the team owner Bob Stapleton, as the team did not have enough time to gather sponsors for the new year.
OUT: The team continued with funding from Bob Stapleton as there wasn't enough time to secure sponsors for the new year.

IN : Le Mesnil-Robert is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
OUT: The commune of Le Mesnil-Robert is in the Calvados department, which is part of the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.

IN : Henry Richard "Huntz" Hall (August 15, 1919; -- January 30, 1999) was an American radio, theatrical, and motion picture performer noted primarily for his roles in the "Dead End Kids" movies, such as Angels with Dirty Faces (1938) , which gave way to the "The Bowery Boys" movie franchise, a prolific and highly successful series of comedies in the 1940s and 1950s.
OUT: Henry Hall was an American actor, known for his roles in the "

IN : He is one of eight drivers to win three or more world championships, the others being Jack Brabham, Jackie Stewart, Niki Lauda, Ayrton Senna (3 each) , Alain Prost (4) , Juan Manuel Fangio (5) , and Michael Schumacher (7) .
OUT: He is one of the ten drivers with three or more world championships, including Jack Brabham, Jackie Stewart, Niki Lauda, Ayrton Senna, Alain Prost, Juan Manuel Fangio, and Michael Schumacher.

IN : They had fangs, talons, and would be dressed in bloody garments.
OUT: They had fangs, talons, and wore bloody clothing.

IN : Because the Komodo dragon does not have a diaphragm, it can not suck water when drinking, nor can it lap water with its tongue.
OUT: The Komodo dragon cannot drink water by sucking or lapping it with its tongue due to lacking a diaphragm.

IN : Twenty-seven years after his first marriage, Roddenberry divorced his first wife and married Barrett in Japan in a traditional Shinto ceremony on August 6, 1969 and they had one child together, Eugene Wesley, Jr.
OUT: Roddenberry divorced his first wife and married Barrett in Japan in 1969, having one child together, Eugene Wesley, Jr.

IN : The angle began when Vince McMahon's son, Shane McMahon, announced on Raw that he bought WCW from under his father's nose.
OUT: Shane McMahon announced on Raw that he bought WCW from his father, Vince McMahon.

IN : These additions may be new and untested.
OUT: These additions could be new and untested.

IN : All Atlantic Category 5 hurricanes except Dog, Easy, and Cleo have made landfall at some location at some strength.
OUT: Most Atlantic Category 5 hurricanes have made landfall with some strength. (Dog, Easy, and Cleo are exceptions.)

IN : Monroe was replaced by Lee Remick, and when Dean Martin refused to work with any other actress, he was also threatened with a lawsuit.
OUT: Monroe was replaced by Lee Remick, and Dean Martin refused to work with anyone else, facing a lawsuit as a result.

IN : The ACT (pronounced as an initialism, ; originally abbreviation of American College Testing) is a standardized test for high school achievement and college admissions in the United States produced by ACT, Inc. .
OUT: The ACT is a standardized test for high school achievement and college admissions in the United States produced by ACT, Inc.

IN : Butkus starred as a football player for the University of Illinois and the Chicago Bears.
OUT: Butkus played football for Illinois and the Bears.

IN : Please do not modify it.
OUT: Please do not modify it.

IN : He played for the West Seneca Wings, Buffalo Regals, and Depew Saints.
OUT: West Seneca Wings, Buffalo Regals, Depew Saints.

IN : The cave contains the oldest known cave paintings, based on radiocarbon dating of "black from drawings, from torch marks and from the floors" , according to Jean Clottes.
OUT: The cave contains the oldest known cave paintings, according to Jean Clottes, based on radiocarbon dating.

IN : In Augustan Rome, Quirinus was also an epithet of Janus, as Janus Quirinus.
OUT: In Augustan Rome, Janus was known as Janus Quirinus.

IN : Between 1918 and 1940 the center of the city undertook large renovation work.
OUT: From 1918 to 1940, the city underwent major renovations.

IN : There is an abstract thinking, just as there is abstract feeling, sensation and intuition.
OUT: Abstract thinking, feeling, sensation, and intuition exist.

IN : By eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion, Madison tried to make clear that the Democratic-Republicans were not moving toward disunion.
OUT: Madison aimed to show the Democratic-Republicans weren't splitting up by influencing public opinion instead of taking direct action.

IN : The prison was demolished in 1987, largely to prevent it from becoming a Neo-Nazi shrine, after the death of its final remaining prisoner, Rudolf Hess, who had been the prison's sole occupant after the release of Speer and von Schirach in 1966.
OUT: The prison was demolished in 1987 to prevent it from being a Neo-Nazi shrine after Rudolf Hess's death.

IN : As with many other punctuation marks, the usage of colon varies among languages and, within a given language, across historical periods.
OUT: The usage of a colon varies.

IN : The CornerShot variations developed so far are the Standard, the 40 mm grenade launcher, the APR, and a derived anti-tank version.
OUT: The CornerShot comes in Standard, 40 mm grenade launcher, APR, and anti-tank versions.

IN : It is the second most-spoken Semitic language in the world, after Arabic, and the official working language of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia.
OUT: Among Semitic languages, Ethiopian Amharic is the second most spoken, surpassed only by Arabic. It is Ethiopia's official language.

IN : For their service after 1994, see London Underground 1992 Stock
OUT: After 1994, see London Underground 1992 Stock.

IN : If your article does not list any inline citations (and it should) then this will cause an error to be created.
OUT: A: If an article lacks inline citations, an error will occur.

IN : Since the number of valence electrons which actually participate in chemical reactions is difficult to predict, the concept of valence electrons is less useful for transition metals than for main group elements.
OUT: The concept of valence electrons is less useful for predicting chemical behavior in transition metals.

IN : This process is called hematopoiesis.
OUT: Hematopoiesis is the process.

IN : Svoboda wrote scores for almost 90 films and TV series.
OUT: Svoboda wrote scores for nearly 90 films and TV series.

IN : Mombrier is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.
OUT: Mombrier is a commune in the Gironde department, south-western France.

IN : Then I had good control.
OUT: I had good control.

IN : Zamostea is a commune located in Suceava County, Romania.
OUT: Zamostea is a Romanian commune in Suceava County.

IN : Oral stories and birch bark scrolls seem to indicate that the shells were found in the ground, or washed up on the shores of lakes or rivers.
OUT: The shells were found in the ground, on shores, or in water.

IN : The extratropical remnants of Ioke were tracked by the JMA until September 7 when it was located near the Aleutian Islands of Alaska.
OUT: The remnants of Ioke were tracked by the JMA until September 7, near the Aleutian Islands of Alaska.

IN : The village was founded in 972.
OUT: This sentence is already quite simple. It consists of a subject ("The village"), a verb ("was founded"), and a complement ("in 972"). There is no need to simplify it further.

IN : Centered on the capital of Constantinople, it was ruled by emperors in direct succession to the ancient Roman emperors after the collapse of the Western Roman Empire. As the distinction between "Roman Empire" and "Byzantine Empire" is largely a modern convention, it is not possible to assign a date of separation, but an important point is Emperor Constantine I's transfer in 324 of the capital from Nicomedia (in Anatolia) to Byzantium on the Bosphorus, which became Constantinople, "City of Constantine" (alternatively "New Rome") .
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Centered on the capital of Constantinople, it was ruled by emperors in direct succession to the ancient Roman emperors after the collapse of the Western Roman Empire. As the distinction between "Roman Empire" and "Byzantine Empire" is largely a modern convention, it is not possible to assign a date of separation, but an important point is Emperor Constantine I's transfer in 324 of the capital from Nicomedia (in Anatolia) to Byzantium on the Bosphorus, which became Constantinople, "City of Constantine" (alternatively "New Rome") . The Byzantine Empire

IN : The title of Archduke (feminine: Archduchess) (German: Erzherzog, feminine form: Erzherzogin) denotes a noble rank above Duke and below King, used only by princes of the Houses of Habsburg and Habsburg-Lorraine.
OUT: A title of Archduke (Archduchess) is a noble rank higher than a Duke's, but lower than a King's, and it is exclusively used by members of the Habsburg and Habsburg-Lorraine families.

IN : Because an elevator is part of a building, it must also comply with standards relating to earthquake resilience, fire standards, electrical wiring rules and so forth.
OUT: An elevator in a building adheres to earthquake resilience, fire, and electrical wiring standards.

IN : On Interstate 4, a tractor trailer led to disruptions near Orlando after it crashed into a guardrail.
OUT: A tractor-trailer crashed near Orlando on Interstate 4, causing disruptions.

IN : Acanthocephala (Greek, ' , thorn + , ' , head) is a phylum of parasitic worms known as acanthocephales, thorny-headed worms, or spiny-headed worms, characterized by the presence of an evertable proboscis, armed with spines, which it uses to pierce and hold the gut wall of its host.
OUT: Acanthocephala is a phylum of parasitic worms with a spiny-headed proboscis.

IN : The 250 k ice formation, and 30 k in length, is one of 48 glaciers fed by the Southern Patagonian Ice Field located in the Andes system shared with Chile.
OUT: A glacier in the Andes system, fed by the Southern Patagonian Ice Field, is one of 48 and measures 250 k in size and 30 k in length.

IN : The two most notable alternate versions are a remix by Timbaland, which features different vocals (Kelly on first verse and lead vocals on chorus) , lyrics and a guest appearance from Static Major; and the "Nitro Remix" (featuring Nitro and Chief, with production by Mista Maze) , which uses the original vocals over a bass music-styled backing track.
OUT: Two versions, each with distinct differences: Timbaland remix with Kelly on first verse and lead vocals on chorus, Static Major as guest; Nitro Remix with original vocals, new production by Mista Maze.

IN : The ADF established Joint Task Force 637, based at Enoggera Barracks in Brisbane, for operational command of on 1 January 2011.
OUT: On 1 January 2011, the ADF formed Joint Task Force 637 at Enoggera Barracks in Brisbane to command its operations.

IN : As of 2010, the main Bionicle story will be published online.
OUT: The main Bionicle story will be published online starting in 2010.

IN : Just before his execution, he praises Vere with his final words, singing "Starry Vere, God Bless you!"
OUT: Before his execution, he praised Vere and sang, "God Bless you, Starry Vere."

IN : Daniel Schneidermann is a French journalist, born in Paris on April 5, 1958, who focuses on the analysis of televised media.
OUT: Daniel Schneidermann is a French journalist born in Paris who analyzes televised media.

IN : John Dowland was married and had children, as referenced in his letter to Sir Robert Cecil, but family life does not seem to have been important to him, as his wife stayed in England while he worked on the Continent.
OUT: John Dowland had a family but prioritized his work on the Continent over them.

IN : They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL) .
OUT: Members of the Central Division in the Western Conference of the NHL.

IN : Seattle Sounders FC is an American professional soccer club based in Seattle, Washington.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Seattle Sounders FC is an American professional soccer club based in Seattle, Washington. Seattle Sounders is a professional soccer club in Seattle, Washington.

IN : Aritatsu Ogi (born December 10, 1942 in Hiroshima, Japan) is a former Japanese football player.
OUT: Former Japanese football player Aritatsu Ogi (born December 10, 1942, Hiroshima, Japan)

IN : The 1969 Formula One season included the 20th FIA Formula One World Championship season, which commenced on March 1, 1969, and ended on October 19 after eleven races.
OUT: The 1969 Formula One season consisted of eleven races, starting on March 1 and ending on October 19. (Formula One Championship was the 20th season in this context.)

IN : Riverside is the 61st most populous city in the United States and 12th most populous city in California.
OUT: The city of Riverside is among the 61 most populous cities in the United States and the 12th most populous cities in California.

IN : Evidence of original colouration has been detected in cephalopod fossils dating as far back as the Silurian; these orthoconic individuals bore concentric stripes, which are thought to have served as camouflage.
OUT: The fossilized cephalopods from the Silurian period show signs of their original coloration. These ancient creatures had concentric stripes, believed to have been used for camouflage.

IN : As a result of these events, the relationship between Hamilton and Alonso temporarily collapsed, with the pair not on speaking terms for a short period.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: As a result of these events, the relationship between Hamilton and Alonso temporarily collapsed, with the pair not on speaking terms for a short period. The relationship between Hamilton and Alonso became strained.

IN : 3: (The Subliminal Verses) .
OUT: "3: (The Subliminal Verses) is a concept album about the subconscious mind and behavior."

IN : is being actively attacked.
OUT: The sentence is already simplified. It means the same as "is under attack."

IN : The murder of the eye, then, is a removal of conscience.
OUT: A removal of conscience regarding an eye's destruction is what the term "murder of the eye" means.

IN : The Juno Awards are presented annually to Canadian musical artists and bands to acknowledge their artistic and technical achievements in all aspects of music.
OUT: The Juno Awards honor Canadian musical artists and bands for their artistic and technical achievements in music.

IN : He spent his life in the Papal States and had a long career in the clergy of the Roman Catholic Church, rising to become the Dean of the College of Cardinals and Cardinal-Bishop of Ostia and Velletri.
OUT: The individual spent a lifetime in the Papal States and attained a distinguished career in the Roman Catholic Church, reaching the position of Dean of the College of Cardinals and Cardinal-Bishop of Ostia and Velletri.

IN : The United Kingdom first claimed Victoria Land on 9 January 1841 and then claimed Enderby Land in 1930.
OUT: The United Kingdom staked claim to Victoria Land on January 9, 1841, and later to Enderby Land in 1930.

IN : In the 1967 presidential election, Daar was defeated by Abdirashid Ali Shermarke, his former Prime Minister.
OUT: In the 1967 election, Daar lost to Shermarke.

IN : The explosion killed 11 men working on the platform and injured 17 others.
OUT: The explosion claimed 11 lives and injured 17 others on the platform.

IN : The Andean Volcanic Belt is produced by the eastward subduction of the oceanic Nazca Plate beneath the South American continental plate.
OUT: The Andean Volcanic Belt forms due to the Nazca Plate's eastward subduction under the South American continent.

IN : She is the younger sister of actress Danielle Panabaker.
OUT: Danielle Panabaker has a younger sister.

IN : Gnaeus Naevius, another Roman playwright of the late 3rd century BC, wrote tragedies and even founded the fabula praetexta (history plays) , in which he dramatized historical events.
OUT: Gnaeus Naevius, a Roman playwright from the late 3rd century BC, wrote tragedies and originated history plays, known as fabula praetexta, depicting historical events.

IN : These areas changed little until the 1965 creation of Greater London and Huntingdon and Peterborough, which resulted in the abolition of the offices of Lord Lieutenant of Middlesex, Lord Lieutenant of the County of London and Lord Lieutenant of Huntingdonshire and the creation of the Lord Lieutenant of Greater London and Lord Lieutenant of Huntingdon and Peterborough.
OUT: The areas saw little change until the 1965 establishment of Greater London and Huntingdon and Peterborough, which led to the abolition of the positions of Middlesex's, London's, and Huntingdonshire's Lord Lie

IN : However, different recipes, even in the Bolognese tradition, make use of chopped pork or pork sausage, white chicken, rabbit, or goose liver may be added along with the beef or veal for special occasions, and today many use both butter and olive oil for cooking the soffritto of small amounts of celery, carrot and onion.
OUT: The Bolognese tradition allows for variations in recipes, including the use of pork, pork sausage, chicken, rabbit, goose liver, butter, and olive oil.

IN : Meeting the U.S. President at the White House Oval Office a day later, President Barack Obama introduced him as: '' ... one of the legendary figures of Asia in the 20th and 21st centuries.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Meeting the U.S. President at the White House Oval Office a day later, President Barack Obama introduced him as: '' ... one of the legendary figures of Asia in the 20th and 21st centuries. '' The following day, Obama introduced the Asian leader at the White House as a legendary figure.

IN : Max Mirnyi (; born 6 July 1977, in Minsk) is a professional tennis player from Belarus.
OUT: Max Mirnyi is a Belarusian tennis player.

IN : M. pumila) .
OUT: M. pumila is a small, native European and Asian herb, commonly called mouse-ear chickweed.

IN : Irina Slutskaya has been credited as the first person to have ever performed a Biellmann spin with a foot change (i.e. , doing a Biellmann, then stepping onto the other leg while in the same spin and performing it on the other leg) .
OUT: Irina Slutskaya was the first to perform a Biellmann spin with a foot change.

IN : The leaves were brewed gently to retain the antioxidants normally lost in other extraction processes.
OUT: The leaves were brewed to preserve antioxidants.

IN : The music used for the ad was taken from the song "Grow Up and Blow Away" , with the line "Why does it feel so good to die today?"
OUT: The music in the ad is from "Grow Up and Blow Away," with the line "Why does it feel so good to die today?" used.

IN : Zak Starkey (born 13 September 1965) is an English rock drummer. He is the son of Beatles drummer Ringo Starr and Starr's first wife Maureen Cox.
OUT: Zak Starkey is an English rock drummer, son of Ringo Starr.

IN : In response to pressure from AOL, the program was renamed to the acronymous-but-lowercase gaim.
OUT: AOL forced a name change to gaim.

IN : Before finishing high school he entered chemical engineering at Seoul National University at the top of his class.
OUT: He entered chemical engineering at Seoul National University at the top of his class before graduating from high school.

IN : The name of the shrine comes from the Arabic word Hazrat, meaning holy or majestic, and the Kashmiri word bal, (bal is a corrupted form of Sanskrit Vala which means an enclosure) meaning place.
OUT: The shrine's name derives from the Arabic word 'Hazrat' meaning holy or majestic, and the Kashmiri word 'bal' meaning enclosure.

IN : 40, and Scriabin's Fourth Sonata.
OUT: I must practice pieces 40 and Scriabin's Fourth Sonata for my recital.

IN : This asteroid was visited by the NEAR Shoemaker spacecraft during June 1997, on its way to asteroid 433 Eros.
OUT: The NEAR Shoemaker spacecraft visited asteroid 433 Eros in June 1997, after visiting this asteroid.

IN : It is the largest police department in the Midwest and the second largest local law enforcement agency in the United States behind the New York City Police Department. It has over 13,500 sworn officers and over 1,925 other employees.
OUT: The Midwest's largest police department, with over 13,500 sworn officers and 1,925 other employees, is the second largest local law enforcement agency in the US, surpassed only by the New York City Police Department.

IN : He appeared on radio programs, in comic strips and in cartoons.
OUT: He appeared on radio, in comics, and on television.

IN : A polyamide is a polymer containing monomers of amides joined by peptide bonds.
OUT: A polyamide is a polymer formed from amide monomers.

IN : The 28th Infantry was redesignated as the 9th Infantry Division (United States) in 1954 and was replaced by the 8th Infantry Division in 1956.
OUT: The 28th Infantry Division was redesignated as the 9th Infantry Division in 1954. It was later replaced by the 8th Infantry Division in 1956.

IN : The processes of the nitrogen cycle transform nitrogen from one chemical form to another.
OUT: The nitrogen cycle involves transforming nitrogen from one form to another.

IN : Captured on the tapes, Graham agreed with Nixon that Jews control the American media, calling it a "stranglehold" during a 1972 conversation with Nixon.
OUT: Graham admitted to Nixon in a 1972 conversation that Jews have significant influence over the American media.

IN : Fishing was the main activity but now is not so important.
OUT: The fishing activity was once significant, but it's not as important now.

IN : He later practiced law in St. Louis and died there in 1912.
OUT: He died in St. Louis in 1912 after practicing law there.

IN : The cecum became less necessary for digestion and mutations that previously had been deleterious were no longer selected against.
OUT: The cecum's role in digestion decreased, and deleterious mutations were no longer disadvantageous.

IN : The street has now been redeveloped, but has not yet regained its former degree of popularity, with a Gala Bingo and a J D Wetherspoon's taking up much of one side of the street and the rest largely occupied by chain stores.
OUT: The street has been redeveloped but isn't as popular as before, with a Gala Bingo, J D Wetherspoon's, and mostly chain stores occupying it.

IN : Much of Araya's lyrical content is about serial killers, a subject he finds interesting, first making his lyrical contribution to 1985's Hell Awaits with the track "At Dawn They Sleep" .
OUT: Araya's lyrics often focus on serial killers, starting with "At Dawn They Sleep" on Hell Awaits (1985).

IN : Crouttes-sur-Marne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: The commune of Crouttes-sur-Marne is located in the Aisne department, in Picardy, northern France.

IN : In 2005, Piquet took part in the A1 Grand Prix for A1 Team Brazil, winning both the Sprint and Main races at the first event of the season at Brands Hatch, as well as scoring a point for the fastest lap.
OUT: Piquet won the first A1 Grand Prix event at Brands Hatch in 2005, taking both the Sprint and Main races and earning a point for the fastest lap.

IN : Bennett had three distinct phases to her long and successful career, first as a winsome blonde ingenue, then as a sensuous brunette femme fatale (with looks that movie magazines often compared to those of Hedy Lamarr) , and finally as a warmhearted wife\/mother figure.
OUT: Bennett had three career phases: ingenue, femme fatale, and wife/mother figure.

IN : As of March 2004, Air France employed 71,654 people.
OUT: Air France had 71,654 employees in March 2004.

IN : It is the county seat of Le Flore County.
OUT: The county seat of Le Flore County.

IN : During the match Hardy brought a ladder out and set it up near the Spanish announce table. When Chavo tried to interfere, Hardy put him on the table and jumped off the ladder, connecting with Chavo and breaking the table.
OUT: Hardy brought out a ladder and used it to interfere with Chavo, breaking the table when Chavo tried to interfere.

IN : During the United States Grand Prix, he was involved in a controversy when none of the tyres which Michelin had brought to Indianapolis were safe to use.
OUT: At the US Grand Prix, Michelin's tyres were deemed unsafe.

IN : The metropolitan county councils were abolished in 1986 with most of their functions being devolved to the individual boroughs, making them de facto unitary authorities.
OUT: The metropolitan counties were abolished in 1986, their functions devolved to boroughs. (Unitary authorities resulted)

IN : The most representative copies of this style come from Centuripe in Sicily, where a workshop was active until the 3rd century BC.
OUT: Representative copies of this style originate from Centuripe in Sicily, where a workshop was active until the 3rd century BC.

IN : Lochner was awarded the 1939 Pulitzer Prize for correspondence for his reporting from Nazi Germany in Berlin.
OUT: Lochner won the 1939 Pulitzer Prize for reporting from Nazi Germany.

IN : Derbyshire (or) is a county in the East Midlands of England.
OUT: Derbyshire is a county in the East Midlands of England.

IN : He learns that he was created by the Great Beings on the planet of Spherus Magna, which is now divided into a jungle moon (Bota Magna) , an ocean moon (Aqua Magna) , and the remaining desert planet (Bara Magna) , as the result of the Core War.
OUT: The Great Beings created him on Spherus Magna. Now, Spherus Magna is divided into three parts: a jungle moon (Bota Magna), an ocean moon (Aqua Magna), and a desert planet (Bara Magna). He learned this was the result of the Core

IN : Many of his ideas about nature and physics presaged important scientific concepts of our time.
OUT: His ideas about nature and physics anticipated significant scientific concepts.

IN : During this time, he composed his two last masterpieces: Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria (The Return of Ulysses, 1640) , and the historic opera, L'incoronazione di Poppea, (The Coronation of Poppea, 1642) , based on an episode in the life of the Roman emperor Nero. The libretto for Il ritorno d'Ulisse was by Giacomo Badoarro and for L'incoronazione di Poppea by Giovanni Busenello.
OUT: During this time, he wrote

IN : Percy, Annabeth and Tyson are kidnapped by Luke.
OUT: Luke kidnaps Percy, Annabeth, and Tyson.

IN : In the cult series, he played the mysterious Angel, a vampire cursed with a soul as punishment for his past sins.
OUT: The actor portrayed the vampire with a soul, Angel, in the cult show.

IN : After moving to Melbourne, in 1983 Gillard became the second woman to lead the Australian Union of Students.
OUT: In 1983, Gillard became the second woman to lead the Australian Union of Students in Melbourne.

IN : The Atari Jaguar CD or Jag CD is a CD-ROM peripheral for the Atari Jaguar video game console.
OUT: The Atari Jaguar has a CD-ROM peripheral, called the Jag CD or Atari Jaguar CD.

IN : Today, modern kimchi refrigerators offering precise temperature controls are used to store kimjang kimchi. November and December are traditionally when people begin to make kimchi; women often gather together in each others' homes to help with winter kimchi preparations.
OUT: Modern kimchi refrigerators with temperature controls are used for storing kimchi, especially during the winter months when people traditionally make it.

IN : The novel follows the meteoric rise and eventual fall of an early rock'n' roll singer named Stag Preston, whose description would lead you to believe the character was inspired by Elvis Presley or Jerry Lee Lewis.
OUT: The novel is about Stag Preston, a rock'n' roll singer with a meteoric rise and fall. He may have inspired characters like Elvis Presley or Jerry Lee Lewis.

IN : The prize money is shared among the winners, usually numbering four, and is EUR 200,000.
OUT: The prize money is shared among four winners, totaling EUR 200,000.

IN : In 1927 the family moved to East St. Louis, Illinois.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: In 1927 the family moved to East St. Louis, Illinois. The family moved to East St. Louis, Illinois, in 1927.

IN : The discovery was announced on July 7, 1978.
OUT: The discovery was made public on July 7, 1978.

IN : Wilmington is a city in Will County, Illinois, United States.
OUT: Wilmington is a city in Illinois.

IN : Instead of vision, the animal is thought to use olfaction as the primary sense for foraging, locating or identifying potential mates.
OUT: Simplify this sentence, return only the simplified sentence: Instead of vision, the animal is thought to use olfaction as the primary sense for foraging, locating or identifying potential mates. The simplified sentence is: The animal relies on its sense of smell for foraging, locating mates.

IN : Perlman contracted polio at the age of four.
OUT: Perlman got polio when he was four.

IN : Rather than the strong bull, Hatshepsut, having served as a very successful warrior during the early portion of her reign as pharaoh, associated herself with the lioness image of Sekhmet, the major war deity in the Egyptian pantheon.
OUT: During her reign as pharaoh, Hatshepsut adopted the lioness image of Sekhmet, the Egyptian war deity.

IN : Poe first published the story in the May 1842 edition of Graham's Lady's and Gentleman's Magazine as "The Mask of the Red Death" , with the tagline "A Fantasy" .
OUT: The story "The Mask of the Red Death" was first published by Poe in the May 1842 edition of Graham's Lady's and Gentleman's Magazine under the title "A Fantasy."

IN : Pavarotti gave his last performance in an opera at the New York Metropolitan Opera on 13 March 2004, for which he received a long standing ovation for his role as the painter Mario Cavaradossi in Giacomo Puccini's Tosca.
OUT: Pavarotti performed his final opera role at the New York Met on March 13, 2004 as Mario Cavaradossi in Tosca, receiving a lengthy ovation.

IN : Women were first admitted in 1870.
OUT: Women were first allowed in 1870. Or Women gained admission in 1870.

IN : Emmonak Airport is...
OUT: Emmonak Airport is the second largest in Alaska, located in the Yukon Delta region.

IN : Sir (Herbert) Hamilton Harty (4 December 1879 -- 19 February 1941) was an Irish and British composer, conductor, pianist and organist.
OUT: Harry Harty was an Irish-British composer, conductor, pianist, and organist (born 1879, died 1941).

IN : Its overall rating was 4 stars out of 5.
OUT: The overall rating was 4 stars.

IN : A transport network, or transportation network in American English, is typically a network of roads, streets, pipes, aqueducts, power lines, or nearly any structure which permits either vehicular movement or flow of some commodity.
OUT: A transportation network is a system of roads, pipes, power lines, etc., for moving vehicles or commodities.

IN : They do live on as sources for the surviving histories of the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
OUT: The Julio-Claudian dynasty's histories are sourced from them.

IN : David sends for Uriah, who is with the Israelite army at the siege of Rabbah, so that he may lie with his wife and conceal the identity of the child's father. Uriah refuses to do so while his companions are in the field of battle and David sends him back to Joab, the commander, with a message instructing him to abandon Uriah on the battlefield, "that he may be struck down, and die."
OUT: David arranges for Uriah to come to him, as Uriah is with the army at Rabb

IN : Chiara has acted in feature films X-Men, 40 Days and 40 Nights, Come l'America, In the Land of Women, and Good Luck Chuck.
OUT: Chiara acted in X-Men, 40 Days and 40 Nights, Come l'America, In the Land of Women, and Good Luck Chuck.

IN : Such organisms are not defined as autotrophic, but rather as heterotrophic.
OUT: These organisms are heterotrophs, not autotrophs.

IN : Takeoff is the phase of flight in which an aircraft goes through a transition from moving along the ground (taxiing) to flying in the air, usually starting on a runway.
OUT: Takeoff is the phase where an aircraft transitions from the ground to flying.

IN : During witch-hunts, the alleged witches were stripped to discover the so-called witches' marks.
OUT: In witch-hunts, witches were stripped to reveal their marks.

IN : By her late preteens, Franklin was regularly singing solo numbers in her father's New Bethel Baptist Church.
OUT: By age 13, Franklin sang solo numbers in her father's church.

IN : Adhyathmaramayanam by Thunchaththu Ramanujan Ezhuthachan (known as the father of the Malayalam language) who was born in Tirur, one of the most important works in Malayalam literature. Unnuneeli Sandesam written in the 14th century is amongst the oldest literary works in Malayalam language.
OUT: Adhyathmaramayanam by Thunchaththu Ramanujan Ezhuthachan, a Malayalam language pioneer born in Tirur, is a major work in Mal

IN : The Wakker Prize (in German: Wakkerpreis, in French Prix Wakker, in Italian Premio Wakker) is awarded annually by the Swiss Heritage Society to a Municipality of Switzerland for the development and preservation of its architectural heritage.
OUT: The Swiss Heritage Society awards annually a prize for a Municipality's architectural heritage development and preservation.

IN : : (References the original experiment by Griffith.
OUT: The experiment led to the transformation of R factor from rough to smooth and the generation of recombination products. (References: Griffith, experiment)

IN : Houlle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
OUT: The commune of Houlle is in the Pas-de-Calais department, which is part of the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France.

IN : Niafles is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.
OUT: Niafles is a commune in Mayenne, France.

IN : The DFSG was first published together with the first version of the Debian Social Contract in July 1997.
OUT: The DFSG was published with the Debian Social Contract in July 1997.

IN : Nicosia is important commercially with many shops, three modern shopping malls, restaurants and entertainment.
OUT: Nicosia is a commercially significant city with numerous shops, three modern shopping malls, restaurants, and entertainment.

IN : His father had him made a British citizen, a decision that would later allow Gambon to receive an actual, rather than honorary, knighthood and CBE (although, under the British Nationality Act 1981 anyone born in Ireland before 1949 can still register as a British subject and, after five years' UK residence, become a British citizen) .
OUT: Gambon became eligible for a British knighthood and CBE due to his father making him a British citizen.

IN : The superfamily Papilionoidea (from the genus Papilio, meaning "butterfly") contains all the butterflies except for the skippers, which are classified in superfamily Hesperioidea, and the moth-like Hedyloidea.
OUT: Butterflies belong to the superfamily Papilionoidea, excluding skippers in Hesperioidea and moth-like Hedyloidea.

IN : The term sexual innuendo has acquired a specific meaning, namely that of a "risque" double entendre by playing on a possibly sexual interpretation of an otherwise innocent uttering.
OUT: A common meaning of the term "sexual innuendo" is a double entendre with a sexual interpretation.

IN : Picked up by the Beatles' Apple label in 1968, in 1969 they adopted the name Badfinger.
OUT: The Beatles signed Badfinger to their Apple label in 1968. In 1969, they changed the band's name to Badfinger.

IN : It has 60 floors, with 5 basement floors, and is 248 meters (813 ft) tall, making it the 11th tallest building in New York City, the 40th tallest in the United States, and the 137th tallest building in the world.
OUT: The building has 54 above-ground floors and is 248 meters (813 ft) tall. It ranks as the 11th tallest in New York City, 40th in the US, and 137th globally.

IN : Most newts can be safely handled, provided that the toxins they produce are not ingested or allowed to come in contact with mucous membranes, or breaks in the skin.
OUT: Newts are safe to handle if precautions are taken to avoid ingestion or contact with mucous membranes or broken skin.

IN : C. perfringens is ever present in nature and can be found as a normal component of decaying vegetation, marine sediment, the intestinal tract of humans and other vertebrates, insects, and soil.
OUT: The bacterium C. perfringens is found in nature and exists in decaying vegetation, marine sediment, the intestinal tract of humans and other animals, insects, and soil.

IN : After the Hydra is destroyed a peacock feather remains in its place, Hercules tells Iolaus that Hera is responsible for the Hydra.
OUT: Hercules tells Iolaus that Hera is responsible for the Hydra, a peacock feather remains in its place after the Hydra is destroyed.

IN : He was badly injured in a taxi accident after returning from a Philadelphia Phillies game in 2004 (causing him to miss Worldcon for the first time in many years) but made a full recovery.
OUT: After a taxi accident in 2004 following a Philadelphia Phillies game, he suffered severe injuries but fully recovered.

IN : Substances that interact with catalysts to slow the reaction are called inhibitors (or negative catalysts) .
OUT: Catalyst inhibitors slow down reactions.

IN : The first demand for an Arab state encompassing Palestine was issued by the Syrian-Palestinian Congress on 21 September 1921.
OUT: The first Arab state demand for Palestine was made by the Syrian-Palestinian Congress on September 21, 1921.

IN : Some of these contributions are from members who live in oil-rich countries.
OUT: Some contributions come from oil-rich countries.

IN : Even if you use said two licenses exclusively, you may wish to communicate your preference on your User page, such as by using.
OUT: If you use only these two licenses, consider stating your preference on your User page.

IN : For editing convenience, here are presets for the various possible track listing configurations.
OUT: Here are presets for different track listing configurations.

IN : The columns, shaped as stumps and bails, represent the three fundamental aspects of cricket: batting, bowling and fielding, while the globe characterises a cricket ball.
OUT: The columns symbolize batting, bowling, and fielding in cricket, while the globe represents a cricket ball.

IN : The Montevallo Public Library was founded in March 1958 under the leadership of the City of Montevallo and the Montevallo Branch of the American Association of University Women.
OUT: The Montevallo Library was founded in March 1958, led by the City of Montevallo and the Montevallo AAUW branch.

IN : You may copy and distribute a Modified Version of the Document under the conditions of sections 2 and 3 above, provided that you release the Modified Version under precisely this License, with the Modified Version filling the role of the Document, thus licensing distribution and modification of the Modified Version to whoever possesses a copy of it.
OUT: You can distribute a modified version if you release it under the same license.

IN : She was appointed as a Privy Counsellor on 9 June 2010.
OUT: She became a Privy Counsellor on June 9, 2010.

IN : There are three core categories of exercise: straight line, spiral, and vault.
OUT: Three types of exercise are straight line, spiral, and vault.

IN : The wood is strong and is water resistant.
OUT: The wood is strong and water-resistant.

IN : Sommeri is a municipality in the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
OUT: The municipality of Sommeri is located in the district of Arbon, in the canton of Thurgau, Switzerland.

IN : The record attendance occurred on 13 March 1954, when 45,061 spectators turned up for a Scottish Cup match between Aberdeen and Hearts.
OUT: The attendance record was set on March 13, 1954, with 45,061 spectators.

IN : The sutta is also called ` Atthajala' (Net of Essence) , Dhammajala, (Net of the Dhamma) , Ditthijala (Net of Views) , Anuttarasangama Vijaya (Incomparable Victory in Battle) .
OUT: The sutta is called Atthajala, Dhammajala, Ditthijala, and Anuttarasangama Vijaya.

IN : One department of the Roman Curia is called the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith.
OUT: The Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith is a department of the Roman Curia.

IN : Meanwhile, Butters' reputation as the respectful "new pimp" spreads throughout the county, prompting actual adult prostitutes to seek employment with Butters.
OUT: Butters gains a reputation as a respectful "new pimp," leading adult prostitutes to seek employment with him.

IN : There are many advantages in using a suppressor that are not related to the sound.
OUT: A suppressor offers advantages beyond noise reduction.

IN : The book was first published in the US by Poseidon Press in 1982.
OUT: The book was published by Poseidon Press in the US in 1982.

IN : "Brain damage" or "brain injury" (BI) is the destruction or degeneration of brain cells.
OUT: Brain damage is the destruction or degeneration of brain cells. Or, Brain injury is the destruction or degeneration of brain cells.

IN : Younha's second single, "Houki Boshi" , was used as an ending song for the popular TV anime Bleach.
OUT: Yunha's second song, "Houki Boshi," was the ending theme for Bleach.

IN : Malaria was the most important health hazard encountered by U.S. troops in the South Pacific during World War II, where about 500,000 men were infected.
OUT: Malaria infected about 500,000 U.S. troops in the South Pacific during World War II, making it the most significant health hazard.

IN : In the first year, 1967, Gimnasia y Esgrima devoted itself champion of the "Promocional" tournament.
OUT: In 1967, Gimnasia y Esgrima won the "Promocional" tournament.

IN : Washington refused his resignation and ordered him north to assist with the defense there.
OUT: Washington rejected his resignation and sent him north to help with defense.

IN : Rock bands began adding elements of funk to their sound, creating new combinations of "funk rock" and "funk metal" .
OUT: Rock bands started incorporating funk into their music, resulting in the genres of funk rock and funk metal.

IN : Buxeuil is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
OUT: Buxeuil is a commune in Aube, France.

IN : If a word is inherited from Sanskrit, the level of speech is considered more colloquial and personal.
OUT: Words from Sanskrit make speech more colloquial and personal.

IN : One of Bear's favorite themes is reality as a function of observers.
OUT: Bear often sees reality as a function of observers.

IN : Meurival is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.
OUT: Meurival is a commune in northern France, in the Aisne department of Picardy.

IN : Brent Staples wrote for The New York Times Book Review that `` Ayers reminds us often that he ca n't tell everything without endangering people involved in the story.
OUT: Brent Staples noted in The New York Times Book Review that Ayers couldn't reveal everything due to safety concerns.

IN : All platforms are accessed through ticket barriers.
OUT: All platforms require ticket barriers for access.

IN : This umbrella-subject is typically designed for physics students and functions to provide a general introduction to each of three core heat-related subjects.
OUT: A physics student's umbrella subject introduces the core heat-related topics.

IN : This template converts numbers from decimal to a given base.
OUT: The template converts numbers to a given base.

IN : Ezio Pascutti (born June 1, 1937 in Mortegliano) is an Italian former footballer.
OUT: Italian ex-footballer Ezio Pascutti (born June 1, 1937)

IN : Louisa Maria Teresa Stuart (28 June 1692 -- 18 April 1712) , known to Jacobites as The Princess Royal, was the last child of James II and VII (1633 -- 1701) , the deposed king of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and of his queen, Mary of Modena.
OUT: Louisa Maria Teresa Stuart, known as The Princess Royal, was the last child of James II and VII (1633-1701), the deposed monarch of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and his queen, Mary of Modena

IN : A strut bar is designed to reduce this strut tower flex by tying two parallel strut towers together.
OUT: A strut bar connects two parallel strut towers to minimize their flexion.

IN : The title continued until India and Pakistan became independent from the United Kingdom at midnight on 14\/15 August 1947.
OUT: The title ended with India and Pakistan's independence from the UK on August 15, 1947.

IN : The World Bank differs from the World Bank Group, in that the World Bank comprises only two institutions: the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the International Development Association (IDA) , whereas the latter incorporates these two in addition to three more: International Finance Corporation (IFC) , Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA) , and International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) .
OUT: The World Bank consists of two institutions: the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the International Development Association (IDA). The World Bank Group, however,

IN : The Himalia group is a group of prograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Himalia and are thought to have a common origin.
OUT: Himalia group is a set of Jupiter's irregular satellites with similar orbits, believed to share a common origin.

IN : Kilmahog (: Cell of St. Chug) is a hamlet situated half a mile to the west of Callander, Scotland.
OUT: Kilmahog, a Scottish hamlet west of Callander, is half a mile away.

IN : In addition, U.S. Route 163, designated in 1970, is nowhere near U.S. Route 63. The short U.S. Route 57, approved ca.
OUT: U.S. Route 163, designated in 1970, is not near U.S. Route 63. U.S. Route 57, approved around 1935, runs parallel to U.S. Route 63 for a long distance.

IN : This forecast proved to be accurate, necessitating a bypass from the northwestern New Territories to Hong Kong Island.
OUT: The forecast was accurate, requiring a detour to Hong Kong Island from the northwestern New Territories.

IN : The trio consisted of Cole on piano, Oscar Moore on guitar, and Wesley Prince on double bass.
OUT: The trio included Cole on piano, Moore on guitar, and Prince on double bass.

IN : This template (the name of which stands for "reference pages") is for appending page numbers in Harvard referencing style (or AMA style, as an option -- see "With parentheses" , below) to Cite.php-generated inline reference citations.
OUT: This template adds page numbers to inline citations in Harvard or AMA referencing styles.

IN : It allows a DJ to fade one source out while fading another source in at the same time.
OUT: A DJ can fade out one source and fade in another simultaneously.

IN : Its enharmonic equivalent is A-sharp minor.
OUT: A-sharp minor is its enharmonic equivalent.

IN : The Macquarie River has a history of flooding, some significant events are listed below.
OUT: Significant flooding events in the Macquarie River's history are listed below.

IN : The Uzbekistan national football team represents Uzbekistan in association football and is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation, the governing body for football in Uzbekistan.
OUT: The Uzbekistan football team is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation and represents Uzbekistan in football.

IN : The Blue Nile starts at Lake Tana in Ethiopia at and flows into Sudan from the southeast.
OUT: The Blue Nile originates in Lake Tana, Ethiopia, and flows into Sudan.

IN : The nocturnal chinchillas, two threatened members of the rodent order, inhabit the Andes' alpine regions.
OUT: Chinchillas, two threatened rodents, live in the Andes' high mountains.

IN : On March 10, 1997, Monday Night Raw became a 2 hour show, the first hour was still known as "Raw" , the second "The War Zone" , the 2 hour block together was named "Raw Is War" .
OUT: On March 10, 1997, Monday Night Raw expanded to a 2-hour format, with the first hour called "Raw" and the second hour named "The War Zone," collectively known as "Raw Is War."

IN : The Act of Parliament which founded board schools permitted the reading of the Bible, but did not permit any denominational doctrine to be taught.
OUT: The Act allowed Bible reading but banned denominational teaching in board schools.

IN : The report discusses the effect of global warming on the world economy.
OUT: The report covers global warming's impact on the economy.

IN : North American herbivorous dinosaurs from this time period include the titanosaur sauropod Alamosaurus, the ceratopsians Triceratops and Torosaurus, the pachycephalosaurs Pachycephalosaurus, Stygimoloch, Dracorex, and Stegoceras, the hadrosaurs Edmontosaurus and Anatotitan.
OUT: This time period in North America was home to various herbivorous dinosaurs, such as Alamosaurus (a sauropod), Triceratops and Torosaurus (cerat

IN : The winning bid will be announced in 2015.
OUT: The winning bid will be announced in the year 2015.

IN : In the United Kingdom, white Christmases were more common from the 1550s to the 1850s, during the Little Ice Age, but during the 20th Century there were only seven official white Christmases in England.
OUT: During the Little Ice Age from the 1550s to the 1850s, white Christmases were common in the United Kingdom. However, since the 20th century, there have only been seven official white Christmases in England.

